What up?. Escobar season begins. Repent your sins. Nine-Six. Trackmasters. Check it. . Spark the lye with the eight-forty I fly. Pretty thug show no love its like when doves cry. Maybe I'm just too demanding, parked the Land. Mark Buchanan, fuck a job I'mma die scramblin. Digger gold, dig a bigger hole in ya soul. Que Pasa, Pablo's throne cabron. At the airport the Mobb picked me up in a truck. Jewelry chunky like fuck never scared to get stuck. So whats the deal Papi?. Heard the feds could of knocked me. Had the cuban posse all up in my room and lobby. Negotiating, my name holds weight, we motivatin'. Hustling, as if God was dancing with Satan. The Firm waitin', to get ajourned cause we facing. Double life, thuggin for life, you taste it. The white numbin ya toungue. I bought it from Dominicans. A suitcase of benjamins swung tight in his fingers. Had the Firm gun slingers, hit the lights, grab the white. Murder everything in site, and jet in the Bimmers. Now im home with the phone screaner. Resting the stones in a jewelry cleaner. Checkin my mail reading my supoena. To the witness standing, I got remanded. Livin on the 4th building and can't stand it. Gotta fight my case from the inside. Niggas telling, I felt it coming when my pockets started swelling. But thats the game for ya. Hid a stash to ya lawyers. Supreme court, Queens New York will bore ya'. Suited up, booted up, with the jail cut. Million dollar bail what?. Z put up the house and I was out. Word the Fuck Up. Time to get the shit on son. Tryna trap a nigga. Incarcerate me yo'. Check it tho, yo, yo. . Im gonna make it if I try, cross my heart hope to die. (cross my heart hope to die). Im gonna make it if I try, cross my heart hope to die. . Praise the Lord, ive been scarred with hot water. Days are shorter, next court dates around the corner. Money ain't the same, shit is outta order. Since the days of Rich Porter. Something gotta give, I ain't trying to bid. Now I run up in cribs, body shit, but no women no kids. In the Bridge where the murderers live. I used to make a quarter million monthly. I was ill until they sunk me. Killed the snitch with the pump 3 shots. Bought a passport off a junkie. The Firm helped me flee out the country. Word and I'm out, Pakastinian land. Chilling with my man Jungle. The commissioner Stout. Killa B, what it is nigga firm bizYeah, hahaha. When I flow for the street.. - .. who else could it be. Nas..Yo, explode, my thoughts were drunken from quarts of beers. Was years back, before Nasir would explore a career in rap. As a music dude, I mastered this Rubik's Cube. Godzilla, fought Gargantua, eyes glued to the tube. Was a, long time ago, John Boy Ice. Geronimo po-lice jumpin' out Chryslers, e-z wider paper. Pops puffin' his cess, punchin' his chest like a gorilla. Outside was psychoes, killers. Saw Divine, Goon, and Chongo, Lil' Turkey. R.I.P. Tyrone, 'member no cursin front of Ms. Vercey. Big Percy, Crazy Paul, the Sledge Sisters. My building was 40-16, once in the blue, hallways was clean. I knew, all that I'd seen had meant somethin'. Learned early, to fear none little Nas was huntin'. Livin carefree laughin', got jokes on the daily. Y'all actin' like some old folks y'all don't hear me. Yo, I'm in my second childhoodWhen I flow for the street.. - .. who else could it be. N-A-S - Nas... Resurrect, through the birth of my seed.. - Queensbridge. Make everything right.. - Get yours, nigga. When I flow for the street.. - .. who else could it be. N-A-S - Nas... Resurrect, through the birth of my seed.. - Queensbridge. Make everything right.. - Get yours...Yo, dude is 31, livin' in his moms crib. Ex-convict, was paroled there after his long bid. Cornrows in his hair, still slingin', got a crew. They break his moms furniture, watchin' Comicview. Got babies by different ladies high smokin' L's. In the same spot he stood since eighty-five, well. When his stash slow, he be crazy. Say he by his moms, hit her on her payday. Junior high school dropout, teachers never cared. They was paid just to show up and leave, no one succeeds. So he moves with his peers, different blocks, different years. Sittin' on, different benches like it's musical chairs. All his peoples moved on in life, he's on the corners at night. With young dudes it's them he wanna be like. It's sad but it's fun to him, right? He never grew up. 31 and can't give his youth up, he's in his second childhoodWhen I flow for the street.. - .. who else could it be. N-A-S - Nas... Resurrect, through the birth of my seed.. - Queensbridge. Make everything right.. - Get yours, nigga. When I flow for the street.. - .. who else could it be. N-A-S - Nas... Resurrect, through the birth of my seed.. - Queensbridge. Make everything right.. - Get yours...Baby girl she's always talkin', name droppin', hangin' late. Drinkin', smokin', hates her baby daddy, craves shoppin'. E poppin' Ecstasy takin', won't finish her education. Best friend she keeps changin', stuck with limitations. Lustin' men, many hotels, Fendi, Chanel. With nothin' in her bank account frontin' she do well. Her kid suffers he don't get that love he deserve. He the Sun, she the Earth, single mom, even worse. No job never stay workin', mad purty. Shorty they call her the brain surgeon. Time flyin', she the same person. Never matures, all her friends married doin' well. She's in the streets yakkety yakkin' like she was 12. Honey is twenty-seven, argues fights. Selfish in her own right for life. Guess she's in her second childhoodWhen I flow for the street.. - .. who else could it be. N-A-S - Nas... Resurrect, through the birth of my seed.. - Queensbridge. Make everything right.. - Get yours, nigga. When I flow for the street.. - .. who else could it be. N-A-S - Nas... Resurrect, through the birth of my seed.. - Queensbridge. Make everything right.. - Get yours...Who else could it be.. - N-A-S - Nas, Nas..You cocked back. You thought you had it planned, you thought you had your man. He saw you coming, he ran when you tried to blast that man. You missed him by inches, he sprinted. Some of his boys on the corner was who your bullets entered. Two of 'em pull through but one didn't, son's finished. You took the life of him. The part about it that's crazy, you was aight with him. Tight with him, why was he in the way?. Why was he standing next to the enemy that specific day?. His style never hollas loud, stays reclusive. Good dude, got that look like he always about to do shit. Side of his mouth toothpick, one eyebrow raised. Got into it with dude who still tried to live out his old wild out days. They never had no probs. Somehow they rubbed each other wrong like a bad massage. These two different personalities had to collide. Niggas could not aim and innocent niggas died. You ask why, 'cause of aAccident murderer, act like you killed on purpose. Liars brag, you put work in. You ain't mean to murk him, your gun's a virgin. Streets are full of 'em, read the bulletin. Accident murderer. You just an accident murdererWe grew up doing graffiti, now hollow heads getting heated. Seated in foreign cars, constantly getting weeded. Proceeded to count profits, I know they got on binoculars. But fuck em all, we balling 'til they come lock us up. 20 to life; I'm clubbing, blowing 20 tonight. We the mob, Bob Marley Marlin' all through the night. Addicted to wealth, never cold turkey to war. Snatch a TEC off the shelf, live forever; that's Insh'Allah. Memoirs of a rich nigga. Sweat suits, gold chains, old drug dealers. New Benz, chrome rims are for show, killer. You niggas accidental, shoppers in back of the limo. Pay your tithes, stay alive, can't be dodging my clique. Cut a check; I use your bitch for some bargaining chips. In a hole, sell your home, nigga go sell your soul. This forty-five in control, God forgives and I don'tAccident murderer, act like you killed on purpose. Liars brag, you put work in. You ain't mean to murk him, your gun's a virgin. Streets are full of 'em, read the bulletin. Accident murderer. You just an accident murdererAccident murderer. Accident murderer, you just an accident murdererYo, for my nigga that got killed, got hit up. Vodka spills on the concrete, light a swisha, we miss ya. And for that girl who never made it home, shot in the dome. How they gon' kill that beautiful sister?. Violent adolescents, homicidal with weapons. Not a lot of knowledge inside of they minds, that I'm guessing. Tell me who you impressing. Shooters I knew them when they was babies, I used to test them. Make em throw up they hands, choke 'em out playing wrestling. Watch em grow to a man, I see them now they repping. But they cold-blooded, homie, wondering where the respect went. Can't play with these little niggas, gangsta little niggas. Can't hang with these little niggas, they're killing, they're reckless. Wish I could build with him, but will he change really?. Some real killers, I think of Wayne Perry. Think of my nigga Drawz, but you aren't a name to me. You ain't mean to kill him, it wasn't necessaryAccident murderer, act like you killed on purpose. Liars brag, you put work in. You ain't mean to murk him, your gun's a virgin. Streets are full of em, read the bulletin. Accident murderer. You just an accident murdererThe ghetto Othello, the Moor. Oh my God, they speak venomous on the boy. Oh my Lord, my enemy is fear, and I'm sure. Oh my God, they want the end of me 'cause I'm pure. Oh my Lord, discipline for the win, I just go for it. It's a trend for these men to die on their own sword. Journey far, learn who you can be. But you can learn who you are when you around family. Chip off the shoulders of soldiers, on they grizzle. My granddaddy Mack Little married Nannie Little. They passed down wisdom, blessings were given. Pray my sins don't get passed to my children. I made a killin', I'm alive like the morning star. Court Jordan's for the price on stock, so what the Hornets are?. I need evaluations, I'm savvy, y'all. Eatin' foie gras and caviar, listenAdam and Eve. Don't fall too far from the apple tree, ayy. Adam and Eve, Adam and Eve. Don't fall too far from the apple tree, apple treeThe ghosts of gangsters dance. Chinchillas shake on the hanger, the force of this banger. Yeah, my language advanced, my cadence amazin'. The voice triggers somethin', what is this conundrum?. The clouds scurry, your spirit rumble, a boyish smile. Still puff the loud, it's nothin' less than a quarter pound. Savage narrative, every verse that I write bursts light. Brings awareness to my personal life. After my morning walk, Havana cigar, the ganja spark. See my doctor more, sweat in the sauna or the spa. Spendin' fifty large at the Bellagio. Spent twenty on a bad bitch I hardly know. New girl every night, two girls was every other night. Sexual addiction, gangster tradition. They wanna fuck me, have me under they belt, slightly offended. Yeah, that's how I felt, that's how it ended. I'm just good at existin', existin' in my truth. As long as I enjoy the fruit, yeahAdam and Eve. Don't fall too far from the apple tree, ayy. Adam and Eve, Adam and Eve. Don't fall too far from the apple tree, apple treeWhat come first, peace or the paper?. Before I had a piece of paper, peace was in my favor. Before I sat to eat at the table, it had leeches and traitors. Cut the fat from the meat, extract the weak, bon appetit. No bacon, brothers is swine. It's so hard to trust 'em 'cause my hustle is mine. It's evident they all the same, with gray hair and still mean muggin'. Gray hairs of wisdom, that means you seen somethin'. Say somethin', you stay frontin'. But these clowns got false crowns, fictitional kings. You broke my heart, Fredo. You bring this thing of ours down to a fable. Be advised my guys dyin', enterprisin' at a boss's table. There's always room at my table. Insecurities is keepin' you disabled. All this money to get, is there less time?. They ain't stopped printin' money, 'cause they made mine. I learned to stretch time, these are the best times. I'm in my neighborhood in stadiums, the Mets' kind. With restaurants and Carbone, spicy rigatoni. Go hard, a red Bordeaux, oh GodAdam and Eve. Don't fall too far from the apple tree, ayy. Adam and Eve, Adam and Eve. Don't fall too far from the apple tree, apple treeR-A-W. R-A-WI don't mean to be brass, even a genius asks questions in class. Supposed to know a love that'll last. Her friends, they don't mess with rappers, correction. I'm Akhenaten, King Tut's predecessor. I fantasize, and no mind him, I'm slick with words. Tell your girlfriend I flip the birds. She don't know shit, I am your neighbor. Brother, homie, love, a friend to smoke with. I want us to take road trips, fuck that low shit. I'm on some more 'everybody-should-know' shit. Or let's be real discreet. Everybody lies, not everybody Nas. So your friend might hate (Ayy). When was the last time her and a man was straight? (Ayy). Just chill, light bulbs dim (Ayy). You are my adult filmLife begins right now. Life begins right now (My adult film). Life begins right now (My adult film). Life begins right now (R-A-W). No matter what they say (You are, you are, my adult film). Life begins right now (You my, you my, R-A-W). Life begins right now. Life begins right nowThe end of your comfort zone is the start of your life. The end of your comfort zone is the start of your life. You start to get comfortable after you get it right. Yeah, you start to get comfortable after you get it rightMisogynistic monologue what we dialogue. Yeah, I'm mature from the chest, and higher North. But below the waist, I'm a dog. Your girl in heat like cayenne sauce. She so sweet, but she kinda lost. Like me, African name with a diamond cross. But you a strong, stand-tall soldier. They lean on you, expecting you not to fall over. Like you never feel pressure, like you made of steel. So I absorb your pain, I like to see you chill. Eight millimeter cinematic celluloid. I see us both, little girl, little boy. Explorin' the world, similar, virgins became experienced. We both like it in front of mirrors, and this shit start weighin' on me. Feel your good vibes layin' on me. When them light bulbs dim. Lemme watch you, my adult filmLife begins right now. Life begins right now (My adult film). Life begins right now (My adult film). Life begins right now (R-A-W). No matter what they say (You are, you are, my adult film). Life begins right now (You my, you my, R-A-W). Life begins right now. Life begins right nowLife begins right now. Life begins right now. Life begins right now. Life begins right now. No matter what they say. Life begins right now. Life begins right now. Life begins right now. Hey. HeyThis is what, this what they want, huh?. This is what it's all about?. Time to take Affirmative Action, son. They just don't understand, you kna'mean?. Niggas comin' sideways, thinkin' stuff is sweet, man. Niggas don't understand the four devils. Lust, envy, hate, jealousy—wicked niggas, manYo, sit back, relax, catch your contact. Sip your con-gi-ac. And let's all wash this money through this laundromat. Sneak attack, the new cats in rap worth top dollar. In fact, touch mines and I'll react like a Rottweiler. Who could relate? We play for high stakes at gunpoint. Catch 'em and break. Undress 'em, tie 'em with tape, no escape. The Corleone, fettuccine Capone. Roam in your own zone. Or get kidnapped and clapped in your dome. We got it sewn, The Firm art of war is unknown. Lower your tone, face it, homicide cases get thrown. Aristocrats, politickin' daily with diplomats. See me, I'm an official mack, Lex Coupe triple blackCriminal thoughts in the blue Porsche. My destiny's to be the new boss. That nigga Paulie gotta die, he too soft. That nigga's dead on, a ki of heroin. They found his head on the couch with his dick in his mouth. I put the hit out. Yo, the smoothest killer since Bugsy, bitches love me. In Queens where my drugs be, I wear Guess jeans and rugbies. Yo, my people from Medina, they will see ya when you re-up. Bring your heater, all your cream go between us. Real shit, my Desert Eagle got an ill grip. I chill with niggas that hit Dominican spots and steal bricks. My red beam made a dread scream and sprayed a fed team. Corleone be turnin' niggas to fiends. Yukons and ninja black Lexus. 'Mega the pretty boy with mafia connections. It's The Firm, nigga, set itYo, my mind is seein' through your design like Blind Fury. I shine jewelry, sippin' on crushed grapes, we lust papes. And push cakes inside the casket at Just wake. It's sickenin', he just finished biddin' upstate. And now the projects is talkin' that somebody-gotta-die shit. It's logic, as long as it's nobody that's in my clique. My man Smoke know how to expand coke in Mr. Coffee. Feds cost me two mill' to get the system off me. Life's a bitch, but God forbid the bitch divorce me. I'll be flooded with ice, so Hell fire can't scorch me. Cuban cigars, meetin' Foxy at Demars, movin' cars. Your top papi Señor EscobarIn the black Camaro, Firm deep. All my niggas hail the blackest sparrow. Wallabee's be the apparel. Through the darkest tunnel. I got visions of multi millions in the biggest bundle. In the Lex pushed by my nigga Jungle. E Money bags got Moët Chandon. Bundle of sixty-two. They ain't got a clue what we about to do. My whole team, we shittin' hard like Czar. Sosa, Foxy Brown, Cormega and Escobar. I keep a fat marquess piece, laced in all the illest snake skin. Armani sweaters, Carolina Herrera. Be The Firm, baby, from BK to the Bridge, my nigga Wiz. Operation Firm Biz, so what the deal is?. I keep a phat jew-el, sippin' Cristy. Sittin' on top of fifty grand in the Nautica Van. We stay incogni' like all them thug niggas in Marcy. The gods, they praise Allah with visions of Gandhi. Bet it on my whole crew is Don Juan. On Cayman Island with a case of Cristal. And Baba Shallah spoke. Nigga with them Cubans that snort coke. Raw though, an ounce mixed with leak, that's pure though. Flippin' the bigger picture. The bigger nigga with the cheddar was mad dripper. He had a fuckin' villa in Manilla. We got to flee to Panama, but wait, it's half-and-half. Ki's is one and two-fifth, so how we flip?. 32 grams raw, chop it in half, get 16. Double it times three, we got 48. Which mean a whole lot of cream. Divide the profit by four. Subtract it by eight, we back to 16. Now add the other two that 'Mega bringin' through. So let's see, if we flip this other ki. Then that's more for me, mad coke and mad leak. Plus a five hundred cut in half is two-fifty. Now triple that times three. We got three quarters of another kiThe Firm, baby, Vol. 1Yo, it's like waking up, from a bad dream (America). Just to figure out, you wasn't dreaming in the first place (no)If all I saw was gangsters coming up as a youngster. Pussy and money the only language I clung to. Claim to, I mold myself up to become one. Ain't ya happy I chose rap? I'm a monster. Streets deceiving, can't believe my achievements. Cultural strata, persona's that of a non-needer. Cause I don't need nada 'cept for Prada beaver. For cold winters, tattoos got my summer sleeveless. To my G's on the flee from the coppers. Stiff bodies on freeze in funeral parlors. From the slums I come up, a phoenix caked up. Trying to take what I'm eating came up. A dismissive kid. You lucky if you allowed to witness this. Savvy, mild, wild hardly. A man's man, who would've knew the beach houses and wild parties. Jezebels and Stella McCartneys. For years, all that, how can I not be dead?. This old German said I was a thug with a knotty head. Looked at my Benz and called that a Nazi sled. With a face like he wonder where I got my bread. Probably all these stones he see, from my shows overseas. From crime to rhyme. My story is I'm from the home of the thievesAmerica (Americaaaaaa), pay attention. Wake up (Americaaaaaa), this is not what you think it is. America (Americaaaaaa), pay attention. This is not what you think it isBlessed, the Lord is a G, he gotta be. Who's the God of suckers and snitches? The economy. Lipstick from Marilyn Monroe blew a death kiss to Fidel Castro. He'd want me to spit this. Only the strong survive, Nas bear witness. The hypocrisy is all I can see. White cop acquitted for murder, black cop, cop a plea. That type of shit make me stop and think. We in chronic need of a second look of the law books. And the whole race dichotomy. Too many rappers athletes and actors. But not enough niggas in NASA. Who give you the latest dances, trends and fashion?. But when it comes to residuals, they look past us. Woven into the fabric, they can't stand us. Even in white tees, blue jeans and red bandanasAmerica (Americaaaaaa), pay attention. Wake up (Americaaaaaa), this is not what you think it is. America (Americaaaaaa), pay attention. This is not what you think it is. America (America, Americaaaaaa. This is not what you think it is)Assassinations, diplomatic relations. Killed indigenous people built a new nation. Involuntary labor, took a knife split a woman naval. Took her premature baby, let her man see you rape her. If I could travel to the 1700s. I'd push a wheelbarrow full of dynamite through your covenant. Love to sit on the Senate, and tell the whole government. Y'all don't treat women fair, she read about herself in the Bible. Believing she the reason sin is here. You played her, with an apron like, Bring me my dinner dear. She the 'nigga' here, ain't we in the free world?. Death penalty in Texas kill young boys and girls. Barbarity, I'm in the double-R casually. Bugging how I made it out the hood, dazzle me. How far are we really from third world savagery?. When the empire fall, imagine how crazy that'll beAmerica (Americaaaaaa, Americaaaaaa). America (Americaaaaaa. This is not what you think it is). America (Americaaaaaa, ohh. This is not what you think it is)AmericaI walk the blocks like whatever god, my message to y'all feds. Who desperate to arrest us young, benevolent hardheads. Abercrombie & Fitch rockin', wrist glistenin' marksman. Hitchcock of Hip-Hop since Big Pop departed. The project logic is still salute the dead, Glocks spit. Pour some juice out for those in Manchester, Beaumount. Otisville, Lewisberg, Fort Dix, Fort Worth, Oakdale. Every fed jail where all my dawgs lurk. War hurts much to gain 'til the day we all say. May your pain be champagne then we all blaze away. At our enemies, may they die easily. Long as they perish forever's what freedom means to me. Blowin' greenery, growing eager to see evil things. Thrown away, zonin' grey, GT, Diesel jeans. Airs and Chucks, solitaires, stones with the rarest cuts. On some Pretty Tone shit, haircut looks airbrushed. And they're aware of us though. And we don't give a flyin' 747 fuck though. Stayin' on my hus-tle. . *beat change*A message to those who trapped us up. From federal guys who backed them up. We never will die, we black and tough. Lead in your eye, we strapped to bust. Half of us been locked up inside the beast. Look at the time we see. Brooklyn to Compton streets, Queens. Even the Congo needs dreams. Our bullets and triggers our enemies. Pullin' on innocent women and children. It wasn't no ghetto killers. Who mixed up the coke and put guns in our buildings. But I'm not gon' cry and I'm not gon'. Just stand and watch you die. I'mma pass you a .9, I'mma grab your hand. Come on let's ride. A message to those who killed the king. Who murdered the Christ, the same regime. What God has built you never can break. What God has loved you never can hate. Man makes rules and laws. You just a ruthless dog, your kennel is waiting. You devils will run back into the caves you came from. Whenever that day comes, forty-acres. Plantations, see every race won. Sincerely yours, Street's Disciple, revelationsBrown and beautiful, black and stunning, light and delicious. Chocolate colored strawberry kisses and cherry lipstick. Very mystic, bald stitches her wig. Kinky curly and dread, goddess gon' grant my wishes. Tantalizing touches, succulent skin, we should wed. Start off broke then stay together 'til we make it big. My queen is english, Sojourner Truth, I could learn from you. Never Ike Turner you, but look what you turn and do like. Get out of order, you're not a supporter of my dream. Rich girl fantasy schemes, a good man she needs. But she young and she speeding, honey now, what's the reason?. You just met this nigga, think you owe him a fucking threesome. So you lustin' to have a baby by a Denver Nugget. You don't love him, you want security, baby, your bugging. Financial liberty you're after, it's how you live. But the blood test shows it's not even his kidChanel bags, everything. She shopping every time she gets a wedding ring. This her 3rd marriage, 4 carats. Brand new Jag, deserves to have it. Temptation, she can't let go her dirty habits. Mid 30's, spendin' dough at Magic. She's dancin', romancin', she's up at Mansion. She fucks all my mans, and they pop the magnums. So now what you gonna do, the morning-after pill is way overdue. 'Posed to get married, now you embarassed. Who does this kid belong to?. Promiscuous, cuz' she got touched by step-dad, sex at. Such a young age, if you was a virgin, I'd get mad. Sick society, blaming yourself so wrong. I highly respect you, bet that, strong, intelligent. This song ain't to poke fun of you, to get laughs. I just love you, really love you. Here for you, wanna trust you. Wanna cuff you, be my lady. But first, I gotta see the babyLadies, I believe in you. We gotta stop this craziness out here, though. We gotta get right. Because when we both get right, we both take flight. Us real men need you, for realUhh, rest in peace to Black Just. Riding through Jamaica Queens in his black truck. Timbs was forty below, waves to the side of his dome. Definition of good nigga, yo. Gangsters don't die, niggas only become immortal. Angels don't only fly, they walk right before you. In front of you. It’s foul what this money could do. Cash corrupts the loyal. I hung with E-Money too, the fucking truth. Fucking with Stretch from Live Squad. I could’ve died the same night that Stretch died. I just got out of his ride. He dropped me off and drove to Springfield. November 30th, another Queens king killed. It fucked me up, y’all. I was just trying to make it with Steve Stoute. The legal way, drug-free route. Back in the days, they was sleeping on us. Brooklyn keep on taking it, Manhattan keep on making it. Trying to leave Queens out. But we was pulling them Beems out, them M3's out. Pumping bringing them D's out. Rastas selling chocolate weed inside of a weed house. Colosseum downstairs, gold teeth mouth. Astoria warriors, eight street, twin buildings. Vernon, can’t even count the Livingston children. Justice in Ravenswood, nice neighborhood. Caught sleeping out there, be a wrap though. Bridge niggas be up in Petey’s ten racks, yo. A simple bet on a serious cash flow. Get money, Manolo, welcome home Castro. Queensbridge unified all I ask for. Let's do it for DU, say what up to Snacks, yo. I just salute real niggas when I pass through, uhh...Niggas is very hungry for that bank robbery. Bury money, trying to get to a Benz from a Hyundai. The Queens Courthouse right next to the cemetery. Niggas' rap sheets look like obituaries. You be starving in Kew Gardens. Bolognas and milk from a small carton. You could still feel chills from the team on 118. My nigga Bim fly by like it's a dream. His face on his Shirt Kings. Laced in a pinky ring, in his black Benz murking. Back when Black Rock and Ron was on the map. Cheeba in yellow sacks, dope sold in laundromats. Thugs bark, getting amped from weed. Over the heart of champions, see. Ever since back then, a nigga been about the dough. (You all know how the story GO!)Any other real niggas in the world besides us? I ask. Probably is, but odds are we’ll never cross paths. Put your glass high if you made it out the stash spot. And here to tell a story and celebrate the glory. Drinks in the air for my niggas not here. This how we do, I see you DU. Queens to the heavens, salute the hood legends. Crack the Patrón, Hennessy and Glenlivets. Champagne bottles drowning out the sorrows. Hope the memories'll get us through tomorrow. I'm a real OG 'cause back in '93. Niggas couldn't fuck with me, sipping 'gnac since I was little. Laid back in a rental. Mouth shining, Eddie’s gold caps all up in the dental. Nigga getting money now. But you know I'm still mental but not simple. Put your glass high if you made it out the stash spot. And here to tell your story and celebrate the glory. Drinks in the air for my niggas not here. This for the fallen soldiers, hold it down, I told you. Pop another bottle and keep the smoke rollingWatch the calm realest channel his mom's spirit. Goosebumps cover me, mother's here, I could feel her. Blood of Christ covers me, our savior and healer. Drug prices up or down, I know a few dealers. And some accident murderers, they act like they killed on purpose. Liars brag they put work in. You ain't mean to murk him, your gun's a virgin. Better stay on point, if not it's curtains. Bebo Posse reincarnated through me probably. If music money didn't stop me. I never claimed to be the toughest. Though I'm to blame for a few faces reconstructed. It's the game that we was stuck with. Now I'm the only black in the club with rich Yuppie kids. Sad thing, this is the top, but where the hustlers went. No familiar faces around, ain't gotta grab the musket. It's all safe and sound, champagne by the bucket. Where them niggas I shouted out on my first shit. Bo cooking blow, fuck is Slate at? Where Turkey went?. Old videos show niggas that was murdered since. Another reason to get further bent. Put your glass high if you made it out the stash spot. And here to tell your story and celebrate the glory. Drinks in the air for my niggas not here. This for the fallen soldiers, hold it down, I told you. Pop another bottle and keep the smoke rollingWarning-Warning-Warning-Warning. New York-New York-New York-New York. The sound-The sound-The sound. You about to hear-to hear-to hear-to hear-to hear-to hear-to hearYeah, yeah. The ill reminisce and think about the fly days. Nothing like them 80s summer NY days. Hop on the MB5 days. Mopeds, Pro Keds, city split five ways. How it all started, fifth floor apartment. A jigsaw puzzle aerial view of the projects. A kid saw struggle, buried a few of his partners. Now I chill in resorts, enjoying massages. Check out the oracle bred from city housing. Nas, I arise the dead by thousands. I remember seeing Shan chilling near his Audi (near his Audi). Hollis had Run and them but I proudly. Put a poster up of Shan and Marley, that was art kid. You love to hear the story how it started. The bubbly I'm pouring wasn't popped yet. Before there was an audience to watch us. I assure you there was a process, yeahTo call them fake today is hate, real niggas extinct. Pac left me inside a rap world with niggas that wink. At other rappers, undercover niggas spit every way. Won't be surprised if all their rides have federal plates. Let alone their wardrobes and Studio 4 flow. It was real when I appeared, it would've been some jaws broke. Nas, my real name, stage name, same thing. How could you let these lames claim king, I'm so ashamed, man. I light a L for Vernon for niggas who would burn in Hell for Vernon. 10th Street, 12th Street, Nightmare on Elm Street. Pimps creep, delve deep inside the editorials. Of the ghetto queens, kings, stories true. Who possesses the testicular fortitude. To blow away myths that's a hindrance to all of you. You blame your own shortcomings on sex and race. The mafia, homosexuals and all the Jews. It's hogwash point of views, stereotypical. Anti-Semitic like the foul words Gibson spewed. And it's pathetic, I don't get the credit I deserve. That's why I hate doing interviews. But I don't sweat it, study long, study raw. My man Dion said Nas over-think the songs he writing. I'm not a wack performer standing near a corny hype man. I got the Donism in me, I'm here to enlightenTurn your radios up. You are now allowed to listen to the radio. The real niggas are back on the radioUh, no slackin', no beggin', no askin', no fastin'. No disrespect to Islam nor Imam or Pastor. No answers to questions the media's askin'. Why we fight each other in public in front of these arrogant fascists?. They love it; puttin' old niggas verse the youngest. Most of our elders failed us, how could they judge us? Niggas. There's verbal books published by niggas, produced by niggas. Genuine niggas, so I salute my niggas. Not mad 'cause Eminem said, Nigga, 'cause he my nigga. Wigga, cracker, friend - we all black within, okay?. We all African, okay. Some Africans don't like us no way!. A killing happened in Johannesburg, yesterday. Slain artist named Lucky Dube, hijacked. Some say N-double-A-C-P, keep us sidetracked. But I don't buy that, I buy Aston Martins. Faster cars than, NASCAR cars and, sparkin' while ridin'. Critics, eat a dick! Journalists see I'm rich. With this N-word jargon I'm just startin', bitch!I'm a nigga, he's a nigga, she's a nigga, we some niggers. Wouldn't you like to be a nigga, too?. To all my kike niggers, spic niggers, guinea niggers, chink niggers. That's right, y'all my niggas, too. I'm a nigga, he's a nigga, she's a nigga, we some niggers. Wouldn't you like to be a nigga, too. They like to strangle niggers, blamin' niggers, shootin' niggers, hangin' niggers. Still you wanna be a nigga, too? TrueWake up in the morning, shake my third leg in the toilet. Uzi on the nightstand, I'm the man you go to war with. Not the man you go to war against, patience, I'll get you. If that means I can't sleep a whole year, I'ma get you. I'm official not A-Tisket or A-Tasket. I'll put you in the casket, with the biscuit or the ratchet. They smoke hibiscus, they plants or trees, advanc-ed weed. Don't forsake us, you all are fake bloods like move make-up. I flow tighter as Tootie's braces, who be hatin' us?. I be on a state bus in shackles if my .8 bust. 'Cause y'all some tellers, opposite of bankers. I'm the shit for ages, my clique still real QB gangsters. Clique still movin' like Freemasons. So if I'm on the flow for the law, there's lodges all across the nation. Nas is bred for the plan, to hold the Grand. Dragon's head in my hand, come and get me, here I amI'm a nigga, he's a nigga, she's a nigga, we some niggers. Wouldn't you like to be a nigga, too?. To all my kike niggers, spic niggers, guinea niggers, chink niggers. That's right, y'all my niggas, too. I'm a nigga, he's a nigga, she's a nigga, we some niggers. Wouldn't you like to be a nigga, too. They like to strangle niggers, blamin' niggers, shootin' niggers, hangin' niggers. Still you wanna be a nigga, too? TruePeace y'all, yeah. This one right here goes to my most loyal, loyal, loyal, loyal ones. You for me and me for you. We see things alike. We live alike, in truthThe craziest things already happened, get me. Could tell you 'gon be laughing at me or you laughing with me?. My baby's mom made a book about me, she tried to out me. In Barnes & Nobles new release section she's confessin'. Now the streets guessin' the beefin' started over some woman. Couldn't be the furthest thing from the truth. Was she looking for fame? yo I hope she got it. Since then I been the object, gossip people tried to target. All women should bid. For keeping real fathers away from their kids. These rappers talkin' real shit I lived. How many been married, divorced, their ex lady wildin'. Hires a lawyer, judge awards 'em monthly eighty thousand. Stevie Wonder sent me word that he was in my corner. Blind but still sees the pain of a young performer. Used to be my rib thought it was 'til death do us. She married again and I'm wishin' all the best to her. Got me looking for my mother, all I see is suckers. She lookin' over me now sayin' don't trust 'em. Come on I'm livin', I don't need many to pray for me. Her bad, she wanna keep the kids away from their dad. Tell you lames something, spit some game. Planes carry me to Madrid, Spain, so why complain?. When you place blame, then you're defective. When you take blame, then you're respected. You gotta give me creditWoah. Life is good, I must admit it. Woah. Ups and downs, we've all been through it. Woah. Ain't no other way to do it. Woah. Life is good, it's good, it's goodUh. The craziest things just happened to me, get me. So now whatever happens next it probably won't affect me. How many people owe the feds, keep it real especially. If you an artist in this music game, the smartest ones get abused for their change. And my life is sex, super stardom, and stupid cash. So unpredictable not aware you could lose it fast. I signed my own checks, swore we paid the IRS. Somebody's stealin', I swear to God. Tsk, for now, I invest. To my incarcerated team who got life. It's not right but you still got your life. Rest in peace to Gil Scott from the kill or be killed blocks. Not from Philly but a nigga done hustled them hilltops. Commercial pop artists get all the accolades. I give a million cash away to be revered like Donny Hathaway. Probably not as half as paid as I should be. But I stay in some cars and stay in some pussy. It's a beautiful life. Beautiful life, beautiful lifeWoah. Life is good, I must admit it (Yeah). Woah (Beautiful life). Ups and downs, we've all been through it. Woah (Life's still good). Ain't no other way to do it. Woah (Yeah, yeah). Life is good, it's good, it's goodA thin line from this gangsta life and rap stuff. I can say I never been punked, robbed, or smacked up. Proud to say I never been chased, jumped, or backed up. Or extorted for my pay stubs. Lucky or blessed from what prayer does. 'Cause hey, I was riding in caravans with AK's and gloves inside 'em. And if I should spare that man who violated my trust. I gave him a pass. My man called and I value his judgement. I let it ride and thought no more of it, it's over. So if it's my turn to be on the other side of the gun. I'm granted my four leaf clover, no one's leaving me colder. 'Cause I chilled and let you breathe, yes. Let's go our own ways and let the beef digress. I done seen insanity close up, schizophrenia shows up in most us. My younger brother knows this. Not Jungle, got another brother in PA. Spazzed on' em, hurt me to put hands on 'em 'til this day. I gotta say I got some fam across the USA. Cackalack to Kansas but my mans around the way had contacts. They was Spanish coppin' grams and cooking 'ye. Willie, Bo, blowing haze, Mayo next door. Joe, Martin, Slade, I'm solo these days. It wasn't my fault. I never knew the time of death and maturity would sever my crew up in New York. Barely survived. Large, I thank you for teaching me not to pop my letter P's in the booth. How to control my vocals and spit poetically smooth. Akinyele, you knew. I was your brother 'til death. Back when you put me on to NiQuay from Lefrak. You was a dime, we was nobodies. Say what's up to Shameek, send my love to Yadi. I pray we all get old if I never again go gold and sell tickets. We could all still kick it. It's a beautiful life. Beautiful life, beautiful lifeRest in peace to my brother Talik. Gone too soon. God bless your soul brother. He was wild. Some things we just can't explain. Life. It's messed up how much time get wasted that you can't get back. With your kids at an early age. First steps, first words. I can't see 'em cause you mad. Don't put yourself before the babies. Don't say crazy things to hurt that man. You hurt him enough. The good times outweighed the bad. When it was good, it was great. But because I could see him now through the courts, you mad. Okay that's how it is out here. That's life huh. You see we can't be selfish out here. We gotta live and let love. Let the light in. To the beautiful mothers of my kids. And all the mothers around the world. Knight, Destiny. Life is good(You're a big girl now). Fully grown with your hormones now. Got your own home and you alone. Wanna bone, wanna moan, get your back blown out. (No more daddy's little girl). You a big girl now, in a world, where these niggas are foul. You could be aborting the next Michael Jordan. Your man don't wanna be around. (You're a big girl now). She's sexy, she got it, she ride it. Every nigga wanna be inside it, uhh. (No more daddy's little girl). I need her, I'll eat her. Do anything to please her. My ghetto queen of ShebaI'm the type that'll get you by the fireplace. Get you hype when I lick it, put it by your face. Sipping red wine, is it bedtime. You can kick it with your nigga while we listen to Faith. I'm feeling richer today,I can hit it then stay. Lingerie make me take it to the kitchen and play. We got champagne, whipped cream, I'ma grab a bucket of ice. Bubble bath running, and the candlelight feeling so right. It's your night, no stress, no fight. Mad at your ex, 'cause his dough tight. Never go right when you're with him. Try your best to forget him. 'Cause it's easy to please me. CD skip when your head board hit the wall. Call for the lord. Right when you cum, I'm biting your tongue. Make your legs cramp up, you can't stand up. You can hit a blunt if you want. I'ma pull my pants up. We can discuss a weekend of lust on top of the trust. Tell me what's the reason for us. To love or to fuck. I'm the thug that you want. If it's gangster we can't front. If you want me I can stay around. If you need me, I'm here for you. How that sound?. Now it's up to you. Depending on how you wanna get down. 'Cause you're a big girl now(You're a big girl now). Fully grown with your hormones now. Got your own home and you alone. Wanna bone, wanna moan, get your back blown out. (No more daddy's little girl). You a big girl now, in a world, where these niggas are foul. You could be aborting the next Michael Jordan. Your man don't wanna be around. (You're a big girl now). She's sexy, she got it, she ride it. Every nigga wanna be inside it, uhh. (No more daddy's little girl). I need her, I'll eat her. Do anything to please her. My ghetto queen of ShebaGot your name and your number in my cell phone. Hear your voice and I wonder where you are, if you all alone. If you in a good mood, if you not. Or you thinking bout you was at my spot. What we did when we got hot. Is you dreaming you had me?. Is you creaming your panties?. Like a king, fed me grapes, and you fanned me. On the couch, to the floor, to the bed, to the sink. And we ate each other like candy. Under the covers, two intimate lovers. You fuck a nigga like you mad at me. Throw the ass to me. You should be glad to be. In the presence of a real thug as bad as me. While I'm in the streets with my murdering squad. You talking to your friends that I'm hurting it hard. How I'm making my rod, how I make you say Oh God. Every ho that you know wanna know Nas. Gotta dodge all the blowjobs, getting hard. 'Cause you know how these girls are. Wearing tight shit, no panties, no bra. Running up to my car with menage a trois suggestions. Starting to get an erection. Guessing, only if you knew how your crew stressing. Complexion chocolatey, fondle me, thinking it's time to leave. I need time to breathe. Wanna follow me, ironically. You pop up, throwing bottles at my Tahoe. Like it's my fault. But you don't wanna talk. Don't wanna hear nothing, all of a sudden. You and the shorty start scuffing. Now shorty dumping you out. Can't let her get the best of you. So I rescue you. Only thing left to do was to grab her. So you can jab her, get a cheap shot. You don't wanna feel chumped. Now here the cops come. So we gotta run to the ride. Then we drive off through the traffic. Don't panic, but you know how we gotta manage. Looking at your face. And the damage in your facial. Every angle can't let it faze you. No reason to be insecure or immature. Baby girl, see the world is yours(You're a big girl now). Fully grown with your hormones now. Got your own home and you alone. Wanna bone, wanna moan, get your back blown out. (No more daddy's little girl). You a big girl now, in a world, where these niggas are foul. You could be aborting the next Michael Jordan. Your man don't wanna be around. (You're a big girl now). She's sexy, she got it, she ride it. Every nigga wanna be inside it, uhh. (No more daddy's little girl). I need her, I'll eat her. Do anything to please her. My ghetto queen of Sheba. (You're a big girl now). Fully grown with your hormones now. Got your own home and you alone. Wanna bone, wanna moan, get your back blown out. (No more daddy's little girl). You a big girl now, in a world, where these niggas are foul. You could be aborting the next Michael Jordan. Your man don't wanna be around. (You're a big girl now). She's sexy, she got it, she ride it. Every nigga wanna be inside it, uhh. (No more daddy's little girl). I need her, I'll eat her. Do anything to please her. My ghetto queen of ShebaA young wild beautiful love child. You like them thug style link rocking, then mink copping. Hit you on the sink a hundred dollar drink popping. The head'll make you take 'em shopping, a foul doctrine. Reminiscent of my first time up in a chick. You was innocent, but now you rent-a-dick, wear the tightest shit. Chanel looking real, airbrushed nails. Hit the gym, hit the scales, heaven-sent but negligent (so fine..). To see a prophecy, your ebony tone is locking me. The way you moan make me daydream of you on top of me. Wishing I could be the one man; but you juggle. Way too many Willies all in one hand. You wanna run up in clubs, getting rubbed on. Niggas pull your hair, shake your fat rear. Get your fuck on - following week, you back there. But what you stuck on, weed, clowns and cars. Puffing with some lil nigga, husband not knowing she's out. Could you believe Eve, Mother Earth of the seas. Niggas thirst you, you just let 'em hurt you and leave. What up ma, fronting like you naive. Push your man's whip, calling police when you flip. Can't understand it, yo it should be a throne for us. But for now that's a whole different zone from us, word!Diamonds all shining, looking all fine. Pretty little face, get a little high. Young girl struggling, trying to survive (trying to survive). Mother of the Earth, she made you and I. Just tired of playing the same ol' games. Messing with my mind, emotional thangs (messing with my mind). (And there goes.. a black girl.. lost)Like Isis, you got your heart broke and felt lifeless. Grow up girl instead you want revenge so now you act the nicest. To who'sever getting down and trifless. To get his mind all you do is give him something priceless. 'Cause in time he'll realize the thighs is all he needs. More than weed, then you hit him off with lies and greed (deceit, yeah). There you go again, starting wars, making me more yours. Seem to get a kick out of keeping me on all fours. Face glistening, I'm addicted to you. Original, Wisdom Body got me picturing you. Igloos of ice tricking on you, you never listen. To this nigga spending Franklins on tennis anklets. Must've had a bad deal in the past though. Can't even keep it real with a nigga with cash flow. Say men are all the same, what we need to do is break this chain. You got a job part-time and school's your night thing. With dreams to settle down, it ain't far from now. You getting interviewed, but your boss is into getting screwed. Typical day that the black girl sees. Coming home wanting more from a college degreeDiamonds all shining, looking all fine. Pretty little face, get a little high. Young girl struggling, trying to survive (trying to survive). Mother of the Earth, she made you and I. Just tired of playing the same ol' games. Messing with my mind, emotional thangs (messing with my mind). (And there goes.. a black girl.. lost)Where are you focused, on legit niggas and where the coke is. Nice and Thug Life niggas, yo you seem hopeless. Your value - too much to be measured, I wonder how you. Could ever be played, your pussy worth gold amounting to. More than the world, but not knowing nothing about you. You leaving the crib, taking all your kids out to. Drop them off, letting some nigga knock you off. So hot and soft, that's the same thing that got you lost (you should be ashamed). Growing up seeing it, it should remind you, you bein lied to. Everything that move be inside you. Sacred as you are, left with these wannabes to guide you. I watched you, hard to knock you, I tried not to. They spot you out dancing topless in your drawers. Damn look, there goes a black girl lostYou should be ashamed of yourself. The way you carry yourself. The way you hang out all night long. Doing silly things that is wrong. Black girl lostThey said this day would never come. They said our sights were set too high. This country is too divided, too disillusioned. To ever come together around a common purpose. They said(Although it seems heaven-sent. We ain't ready, to have a black president). (Although it seems heaven-sent. We ain't ready, to have a black president). Yes we can change the world, the world, the world. {CHANGE THE WORLD...} they say. (Although it seems heaven-sent. We ain't ready, to have a black president). (Although it seems heaven-sent. We ain't ready, to have a black president). Yes we can, change the world. The world, the world, the WORLD...They forgot us on the block, got us in the box. Solitary confinement: how violent are these cops?. They need a early retirement. How many rallies will I watch? I ain't got it in me to march. I got a Semi to spark, the game's in a drought. Public housing, projects, cooking up in the Pyrex. My set, my clique, either getting money. Or running from homicide trail, that's if they ain't died yet. Trying to be rich, still I'm pledging allegiance. A predicate felon, a ghetto leader. Lending my poetical genius, to whoever may need it. I bleed this from Queensbridge, now living with my feet up. Never defeated, so a president's needed. You know these colored folks and Negros hate to see. One of their own succeeding. America: surprise us and let a black man guide us, uhh(Although it seems heaven-sent. We ain't ready, to have a black president). (Although it seems heaven-sent. We ain't ready, to have a black president). Yes we can, change the world. {CHANGE THE WORLD...} they say. (Although it seems heaven-sent. We ain't ready, to have a black president). (Although it seems heaven-sent. We ain't ready, to have a black president). Yes we can, change the world. The world, the world, the WORLD...What's the black pres' thinking on election night?. Is it: How can I protect my life?. Protect my wife? Protect my rights?. Every other president was nothing less than white. Except Thomas Jefferson had mixed Indian blood.. and Calvin Coolidge. KKK is like: What the fuck?!, loading their guns up. Loading up mine too, ready to ride. 'Cause I'm riding with my crew - he dies, we die too. Yeah, but on the positive side. I think Obama provides hope and challenges minds. Of all races and colors to erase the hate. And try to love one another, so many political snakes. We in need of a break, I'm thinking I can trust this brother. ...but will he keep it way real?. Every innocent nigga in jail gets out on appeal. When he wins, will he really care still?. I feel(Although it seems heaven-sent. We ain't ready, to have a black president). (Although it seems heaven-sent. We ain't ready, to have a black president). Yes we can, change the world. {CHANGE THE WORLD...} they say. (Although it seems heaven-sent. We ain't ready, to have a black president). (Although it seems heaven-sent. We ain't ready, to have a black president). Yes we can, change the world. The world, the world, the WORLD...Say a prayer for Do we have to?. You ain't right, Jeremiah Wrong pastor. In love with a slave master. Sincerely yours, USA's most brave rapper. Jesse carjacker, Uncle Tom kidnapper. Ask around: Bentley coupe off the Richter. Bitch called Life: I pimped her, what. Politics, politricks, Klan-shooter. Deacon for defense, progress-producer. Nothing on the stove, a survival-booster. Gotta do what we gotta do. We ain't got no governors coming through to help. Anything we need done, gotta do for self. New, improved JFK on the way. It ain't the 60s again, niggas ain't hippies again. We ain't falling for the same traps. Standing on the balconies where they shot the King at. McCain got apologies; ain't nobody hearing that. People need honesty(Although it seems heaven-sent. We ain't ready, to have a black president). (Although it seems heaven-sent. We ain't ready, to have a black president). Yes we can, change the world. {CHANGE THE WORLD...} they say. (Although it seems heaven-sent. We ain't ready, to have a black president). (Although it seems heaven-sent. We ain't ready, to have a black president). Yes we can, change the world. The world, the world, the WORLD...It is my distinct honor, and privilege to introduce. The next President of the United States - Barack Obama. {*crowd cheers LOUDLY*}I know you can feel the magic, baby. Turn the motherfuckin' lights down. Esco, whattup? (Whattup, homie?). I mean, it's what you expected, ain't it? (Hahaha). Let's go... uhh, uh, uhh, uh, uhh, uh. Turn the music up in the headphones. Uh, yeah, that's perfect (yeah, right, right). Uhh, uh, you gotta take ya time, make a nigga wait on this muh'fucka (hahaha!). Make niggas mad and shit like. Niggas usually just start rappin' after four bars, nigga, go in!. Just start dancin' in this muh'fucka. Yeah, (yeah) we just come outta nowhereI feel like a Black Republican, money I got comin' in. Can't turn my back on the hood, I got love for them. Can't clean my act up for good, too much thug in him (nah). Probably end up back in the hood, like, Fuck it thenHuddlin' over the oven, we was like brothers then (what?). Though you was nothin' other than a son of my mother's friend. We had covenant, who would've thought the love would end?. Like Ice Cold's album (uhh), all good things. Never thought we sing the same song that all hoods sang. Thought it was all wood-grain, all good brain. We wouldn't bicker like the other fools, talk good game. Never imagine all the disaster that one good reign, could bring. Should blame, the game, and I could. It's kill or be killed, how could I refrain?. And forever be in debt, and that's never a good thing. So the pressure for success can put a good strain. On a friend you call best, and yes it could bring. Out the worst in every person, even the good and sane. Although we rehearsed it, it just ain't the same. When you put in the game at age sixteen. Then you mix things: like cars, jewelry, and Miss Thing. Jealousy, ego, and pride, and this brings. It all to a head like a coin, cha-ching. The root of evil strikes again, this could sting. Now the team got beef between the Post and the Point. This puts the ring in jeopardy – indefinitelyI feel like a black republican, money I got comin' in. Can't turn my back on the hood, I got love for them (uhh, uhh). Can't clean my act up for good, too much thug in him (nah). Probably end up back in the hood, I'm like, Fuck it then. I feel like a black militant takin' over the government. Can't turn my back on the hood, too much love for them (nah). Can't clean my act up for good, too much thug in him. Probably end up back in the hood, I'm like, Fuck it thenI'm back in the hood, they like, Hey Nas (uh). Blowin' on purp, reflectin' on they lives (uh). Couple of fat cats, couple of A.I.'s. Dreamin' of fly shit instead of them gray skies. Gray 5s, hatah's wishin' our reign dies. Pitch, sling pies, and niggas they sing, Why? (uhh). Guess they ain't strong enough to handle their jail time. Weak minds keep tryin', follow the street signs. I'm standing on the roof of my building. I'm feelin' the whirlwind of beef, I inhale it. Just like an acrobat ready to hurl myself, through the hoops of fire. Sippin' 80 proof, bulletproof under my attire. Could it be the forces of darkness. Against hood angels of good, that form street politics?. Makes a sweet honest kid, turn illegal for commerce (uhh). To get his feet out of them Converse – that's my wordI feel like a black republican, money keep comin' in. Can't turn my back on the hood, I got love for them (uhh, uhh). Can't clean my act up for good, too much thug in him (nah). Probably end up back in the hood, ah, Fuck it then. I feel like a black militant takin' over the government. Can't turn my back on the hood, too much love for them. Can't clean my act up for good, too much thug in him. Probably end up back in the hood, I'm like, Fuck it thenUhh, yo, you believe when they say we ain't shit, we can't grow?. All we are is dope dealers, and gangstas and hoes?. And you believe when they be telling you lie, all on the media?. They make the world look crazy to keep you inside?. Why you listen when the teachers at school. Know you a young single parent out struggling, they think you a fool. Give your kids bad grades and put 'em in dumber classes. Killing shorty future, I wonder how do we last it?. Underground in they casket, ancestors turning. I'm learning something every day, there is no Lazarus. Words like God is Greek or Latin. So if you study Egypt, you'll see the truth written by the masters. My niggas is chilling, getting high, relaxing. Envisioning, owning shit, yo it can happen. What do we own? Not enough land, not enough homes. Not enough banks, to give my brother a loan. What do we own? The skin on our backs, we run and we ask. For reparations, then they hit us with tax. And insurance if we live to be old, what about now?. So stop being controlled, we black zombiesWalking talking dead, though we think we're living (black zombies). We just copy-cat, following the system (black zombies). Walking talking dead, though we think we're living (black zombies). We just copy-cat, following the system (black zombies)Ayo, we trapped in our own brain, fucked behind bars. We've already gone insane. We've already gave up, cut our own heads offs. Stab our own backs and dream too much. Without fulfilling reality; too greedy and. Can't have one or two chains, we need three of them. Can't have one or two guns without squeezing 'em. On our own people and, fuck black leaders. 'Cause whites ain't got none leading them, the rhythm is cosmic. Nas is divinity, the deity's prophet. Let's all get down and get up. Victims walking 'round with Down's Syndrome, all stuck. Fainting, shouting, catching Holy Ghost in church. Scared to do it for ourselves 'less we see somebody doing it first. We begged, we prayed, petitioned and demonstrated. Just to make another generation - black zombiesWalking talking dead, though we think we're living (black zombies). We just copy-cat, following the system (black zombies). Walking talking dead, though we think we're living (black zombies). We just copy-cat, following the system (black zombies)You scared to be yourself, 'cause you in a trance. Feel free, hear the music and dance. If you cared what they think, why wear what they wear, just for you. Dumb niggas with long beards like they Arabs or Jews. Or from Israel, Bismillah al rahman al rahim. Islam's a beautiful thing. And Christian and Rastafari, helps us to bring. Peace against the darkness, which is ungodly. So what's the black man's true religion, who should we follow?. Use your own intuition, you are tomorrow. {*roaring*} .. That's the sound of the beast. I'm a Columbia record slave, so get paid. Control your own destiny, you are a genius. Don't let it happen to you like it did to me, I was a black zombieWalking talking dead, though we think we're living (black zombies). We just copy-cat, following the system (black zombies). Walking talking dead, though we think we're living (black zombies). We just copy-cat, following the system (black zombies)Wake up! Black zombies in a spell for more than fo'-hundred years. Ghetto niggas won't have it no mo', can I get a witness?. Why listen to somebody else tell you how to do it. When you can do it yourself; it's all in you, do it, do it. Do it niggas.. c'mon, uhh, peace...Blaze a 50, sit back in the drop top Azure Bentley. Of course with me, this chick'll make Bobby divorce Whitney. Brazilian candy, from Miami. Masseuse, wedding ring on, loving Celine Dion. Hate rap, told me where she get cake at. She's a part-time dancer, part time romancer. Tries to be a mother when she gets a chance to. Left her husband alone to raise they son, he's in Pampers. Modeled for a year, got her bachelors degree. 33, recovering from plastic surgery. Went from 34B to 36 double D. Met her in San Diego at the Super Bowl party. Had the Henny, sipped it up with Terrell Davis. MVP, we flicked it up from Sports Illustrated. I was silked out, flossin' with Stoute, he had the 'gators. When she walked in, she lit up the room like Las Vegas. Terrell said her man's a fullback for the Raiders. A drunk who'd fuck cheerleaders and wind up in the papers. It's easy to get the pussy, just don't fall in love. Next thing you know I'm hugged up with this bitch in the tub. Palm Springs, Al Capone's Suite washin' her feet. Is this love? Somebody's wife fucking a thug. Hittin' it raw, tastin' it, wildin' out of my character. Tapin' it, Tyra Banks face and Faith's lips. Givin' head like she knew me for years. Pillow talk, she let out tears, told me 'bout her husband's affairs. Millions she would get if his neck got slit. She rolled the equality, then passed the lye to me. Told me 'bout her man's life insurance policy. He stays on the golf course, wears Le Coq Sportif. Evenings he drinks his wines on his private resort. You can take him there, here go the keys, you can slip in the rear. Chop a nigga up, yo, meet me somewhere. So we can make more money, then you could ever see rappin'. Split the cash and move to Venezuela, adaptin'. P-11's, ACP shells for blastin'. Caught him with his Spanish maid. He had a lighter with a can of spray, burnin' her legs. She tied to the bed, sex S&M, sadomasochistic. Sadistic, yoked her from behind, blew him out existence. His maid cried No, lucky she was blindfold. Naked with mad burn marks all on her thighs, yo. Twelve point five million, he kept his funds. In the Lloyd's of London, goes to his wife and his children. Yo, I thought What if shorty gets scared, electric chair's all I envision. All she'll probably get is psychiatric supervision. I switched the plan, the maid flied to Switzerland. Fake ID, forged his wife name, catch the next flight. The same night, headed to Spain, nice game. Now we're back to where we meet a-gain...Blaze a 50, sit back in a drop-top Azure Bentley. Of course with me, this chick'll make Bobby divorce Whitney. Top down, night air blow her hair. Sky black, stars glow, the face on the moon stare. Fast lane on the nine-five, honey laughs about the cash. Took a blast out of her coke bag. Snorted it, started screamin', yo we almost crashed. Earlier I took the coke out, replaced it with crushed up glass. Her head nodded down to her chest, slowly she fell asleep. Overwhelmed by greed, put to deathYo, I wonder if Langston Hughes and Alex Haley. Got blazed before they told stories. I'mma get blazed before I tell y'all stories. I saw on TV today, this man lost his son, his son died. So he had him cremated. Took his ashes and then made it to a diamond ring. Now he watches his son shine everyday. I just thought about that. While I sit here ashing in this ash tray, yeahThe making of a mad band, intricate stories of DeVante Swing. Ava Gardner, the crashin' of James Dean. Bobby Brown influenced by Rick James and it goes. Prince wanted Alexander O'Neal to be Morris Day or Jerome. But Alex was putting coke in his nose, nigga whylin'. Could be a myth, but I swear that the source was close. Phyllis Hyman killed herself, it was crazy. Mommy was bad they say. Donny Hathaway free-fall from a balcony, he swingsSam trusted Womack with his main lady. He tossing in the grave like, This is how you repay me?!. A change gon' come, wish you didn't trust me so much. Marvin said No mountain's high enough, fly stuff. David Ruffin was punchin' Tammi Terrell. Gave her concussions. While the Funk Brothers was laying down the percussion. When Flo from the Surpremes died, Diana Ross cried. Many people said that she was laughin' insideJohn F. Kennedy's enemies dealt with treachery. It interests me. Judy Campbell in Gucci sandals. She's what a temptress be. The death of Ennis Cosby, what a mystery!. Or the Chicagoan Harold Washington. Someone is sabotaging 'em. Watch out for the traps. Larry Troutman killed his brother Roger Troutman. Then he killed himself, that's the end of Zapp. And I wouldn't change a thing, mistakes of the greats. This is what came from their pain. From their hurt we gain, an unfair exchangeI could smell old bogey cigars. Long record perfumes, smelling just as sweet. Me and my wife K, flying in a drop-top. Like Ruby and Ossie Davis, baby – know what I mean?. Yo, man, I get smoked out, and start thinking 'bout. Hattie McDaniel got a Oscar. For playing Mammy in Gone with the Wind. And she didn't get allowed. Wasn't even allowed to go to the premier. Believe that? Couldn't go to premier to her joint. Man, you know they were strong back then, man. Blunt from my ash tray, nothing gon' to live past me, yeah(Bonjour) I should be more mature, sure, I'm spoiled. Hit up the south of France after tour, bonjour (bonjour). How many girls pre-bate right before they date. So she can have restraint? She still get slayed (bonjour). That's ill behavior, want the whip matted. Want her ass the fattest, beat it: Thriller jacket. A street metaphor: if your dog piss on the floor. Put his nose in it, check these niggas from the doorOooh oooh la la, oui-oui amour. Plenty of kisses, plein de bisous. Good day and best wishes. Comment allez-vous?. BonjourEat at selective kitchens, speak on our next intentions. Over-creamy Polenta, it come chef recommended (bonjour). Come through the side entrance; I arrived, bitches. Crackheads still owe me from '89 fixes (bonjour). Havin' drinks in Vegas, my business. She didn't see me comin', now she's an eyewitness. Laissez le bon temps rouler. Say ahh so the kids could playOooh oooh la la, oui-oui amour. Plenty of kisses, plein de bisous. Good day and best wishes. Comment allez-vous?. BonjourVacation, twisted, whatever happened, missed it. Vacations I didn't like, put myself through a guilt trip (bonjour). All these beautiful places, but the cities be poor. You wealthy when your kid's upbringin' better than yours. All this money we gettin' could be gone in a minute. If we don't invest it—we long-term affected. Watch who you gettin' pregnant, that's long-term stressin'. I got a mil for every bump on your face, that's what I call a blessin'. Flexin'My head looks straight up. And I'm wonderin', What did I do? (bonjour). She looked at me like, Damn, did I surprise you?. Sure enough, as the sky's blue, she turned back around. And walked back down the avenue (bonjour). She's waitin' for the right cue (bonjour). I'm waitin' for the right clue (bonjour)(Oooh oooh la la, oui-oui amour). She be leavin', still I smell of eau de parfum. She can't run 'cause I got Cinderella's right shoe. In that white gown that I be seein' right through. Crowd obscurin' my view. There's nothin' left to argue (bonjour). At least there's not from my view (bonjour)Alchemist, you know me, man. I'm the type of nigga that write rhymes. Right on the spot in the studio soon as I hear the track. You know what I'm sayin'?. Word, but I wanted to bring. A couple of books to the studio today, man. I found these shits up in the crib, man, in boxes, man. I don't even remember when I was writin' these shits. Or what's in these shits, man. Probably a bunch of bullshit, man… fuck it, check itHow can I trust you when I can't trust me?. Picture myself a old man, a O.G.. Some niggas will conversate with liars all day. Time pass— (Nah, let me start somethin' else). Soul on ice, death threats given by clowns. I guess livin' is prison when you live around clowns. I'm hexed, cursed, worse I been blessed first. I thought I was abnormal. ‘Cause I would overcome any tasked called to. So there it is, I'm a prince, I'm against lames. Who do minor shit, swear they on the top of they game. Your rhymin' is called Vagina Monologue, it kinda supports. Theories of scary niggas who should lie in the morgue. Rarely y'all come in contact with the real. Since Pun passed, he was the last shine of sun I could feel. Yo, said there's a few left since music's expressions of life. Damn, I wish I took more time to write in my book of rhymesGandhi was a fool, nigga, fight to the death. The US Army is a school that teach you plights of conquest. (I wonder when I wrote this… nah, it's weak). The money's your religion, sky the limit, live life. Numbers is big business, makes the poor live trife. The glimmers of hope provoke those without dollars to dream. Through your existence become wealthy, knowledge is king. Pimps and card sharks, thiefs, murderers with hard luck. Addicts and fiends prostitutes passin' for teens is my society. Cops that shoot blacks is routine for notoriety. Grow up watchin' well-dressed niggas with charms. Beautiful ladies on their arms. Dangerous new cars was my fantasy for Nas. Rubbin' my lips with Campophenique. Still behind the ears wet, turned out to be. Pioneers vets amongst hustlers, crack sellers, and liars and squares. (Nah, that was weak there). My people be projects or jail, never Harvard or Yale. Pardon me type in my two-way while I'm chargin' my cell. It's hard to be iced up with Gucci, God, poverty's real. I can't fight you, ‘cause you would sue me, niggas be groupies. I see imitators tryin' to make albums, spittin' my style. And they don't even realize that I notice they stealin' Nas' shit. I pump some Rick James with that Teena Marie. My nina lean on me like Scoob and Scrap. This can't be my book of rhymesLook how we treat pregnancy, women in the hood. Our values so low, our values are no good. Things our mothers told us we should've heeded. ‘Cause now we need it, we older, almost able t—. I'm jealous of you, how come you so beautiful?. Smellin' fresh, youthful, intelligent, while I'm stressin' and shit. Ayo, I envy you ‘cause all you do is smile. And things come your way. Such a innocent child is what some say. I get upset ‘cause I just want to be treated the way you are. Like a star, not a worry in this world thus far. But wait a minute, we both need your mother's attention. I must be crazy, jealous of my own baby infant (Kinda crazy)In America, you'll never be free. Middle fingers up, fuck the police. Damn, can't a nigga just breathe?. Braveheart, still QB's Finest. Grinding, enough diamonds to change the climate. Not only do you see a nigga shining, you can see a nigga breathe. Jewels enchanted, like they was new from Atlantis (uhh). Cruise with the hammer, jealous hearted, can't stand him. Haters are scandalous, damn, can't a nigga just breathe? (woo!). To all my niggas getting money in the streets (yeah). Middle fingers up, fuck the police. Light up my trees, and I just breathe...I twist 'em, baby mama beef victim. Chronic leaf hitting, all kinds of heat with him, wisdom. From pot to piss in to high position. Intense hustle, it's pain like a pinched muscle. 'Til it rains and my Timbs stain my socks. 'Til I dodge enough shots and the presiding judge slams a mallet. And says life I'ma guap, then I cop. Then I yacht, then I dock. Island hopping away from nightmare holders. Or cowboy slingers, who shoot up any club. To see they names ring loud on some FBI poster. Must be on X or they coked up. Suggesting I post a, bail, I'm like, Yes 'cause we soldiers. We just getting older, in time, we still in our prime. I can't afford a new arrest on my folder. Nigga, breathe...In America, you'll never be free. Middle fingers up, fuck the police. Damn, can't a nigga just breathe?. Braveheart, still QB's Finest. Grinding, enough diamonds to change the climate. Not only do you see a nigga shining, you can see a nigga breathe. Jewels enchanted like they was new from Atlantis (uhh). Cruise with the hammer, jealous hearted, can't stand him. Haters are scandalous, damn, can't a nigga just breathe? (woo!). To all my niggas getting money in the streets (get money). Middle fingers up, fuck the police (fuck 'em). Light up my trees, and I just breathe...I'm, fresh out of city housing, ain't have too many options. Pennies on a pension or penitentiary bounded. Plenty Henny in me, envy was simply they trend, see. My enemy was every hater that was bigger than me. The high life, the fly life. Pierre Hardy, imitation of Christ. Ice-wear gaudy, since '94 flossy. The Lex was an excellent choice now fast forward me. The pestilence of the ghetto informed me. As a shorty, to push nothing less than a 740. With fresh linen, sip Pellegrinos with Airs on. They sick, mixing they water with AirborneBreathe.... Breathe.... Breathe.... Breathe...See I come from Mississippi. I was young and runnin' wild. Ended up in New York City, where I had my first child. I named the boy Nasir, all the boys call him Nas. I told him as a youngster, he'll be the greatest man aliveLet's go!.... Hey-Hey-Hey-Hey --. Chuck Berry of these rap skits, styles I mastered. Many brothers snatched it up and tried to match it. But I'm still number one, everyday real. Speak what I want, I don't care what y'all feel. Cause I'm my own master, my Pop told me be your own boss. Keep integrity at every cost, and his home was Natchez Mississippi. Did it like Miles and Dizzy, now we gettin' busy. Bridging the gap, from the blues, to jazz, to rap. The history of music on this track. Born in the game, discovered my father's music. Like Prince searchin' through boxes of Purple Rain. But my Minneapolis was The Bridge, home of the Superkids. Some are well-known, some doin' bids. I mighta ended up on the wrong side of the tracks. If Pops wouldn't've pulled me back an said yoThe blues came from gospel, gospel from blues. Slaves are harmonizin' them ah's and ooh's. Old school, new school, know school rules. All these years I been voicin' my blues. I'm a artist from the start, Hip-Hop guided my heart. Graffiti on the wall, coulda ended in Spoffard, juvenile delinquent. But Pops gave me the right type'a tools to think with. Books to read, like X and stuff. Cause the schools said the kids had dyslexia. In art class I was a compulsive sketcher of. Teachers in my homeroom, I drew pix to mess them up. Cause none'a them would like my style. Read more books than the curriculum profile. Said, Mr. Jones please come get your child. Cause he's writin' mad poems and his verses are wildHey-Hey-Hey -- My Poppa was not a Rollin' Stone. He been around the world blowin' his horn, still he came home. Then he got grown, changed his name to Olu. Come on, tell 'em 'bout the places you gone toSee I come from Mississippi (Let 'em know). I was young and runnin' wild (Runnin' wild). Ended up in New York City (Yeah!). Where I had my first child (That's me). I named the boy Nasir (Yeah, Daddy!). All the boys call him Nas (Luh ya, boy). I told him as a youngster. He'll be the greatest man alive (You the greatest, Pop). Greatest man alive (You the greatest, Pop). Gre-Gre-Gre-Gre-Greatest man alive!. Rest In Peace Ray CharlesI guess you knew and blew a good thing, babyBye baby, I guess you knew why I walked away. When we walked to the altar, that was an awesome day. Did counselling, couldn't force me to stay. Something happens when you say I do, we go astray. Why did we mess it up? We was friends, we had it all. Reason you don't trust men, that was your daddy fault. He in the grave – let it go, he no longer living. Said you caught him cheating with mom, fucking other women. Fuck that gotta do with us? Here's the keys to the newest truck. Birkin bags, we burning cash, now baby, do it up. No matter who you fuck, that was before me. Wanted you as my shorty since before I saw you screaming. Hate you so much right now. Should've saw the meaning, angry black woman. Actions of a demon, I'm leavingI guess you knew and blew a good thing, baby (Bye baby). You know I'm saying bye-bye (Bye-bye baby). 'Cause I'm saying bye-bye (Bye baby). 'Cause I'm saying bye-bye. I guess you knew and blew a good thing, babyBye baby, I guess you know why I had to leave. Seven months in your pregnancy, 'bout to have my seed. Let's take it back some years, rewind it to the happy years. You and your Star Trak fam, I'm thinking you cats are weird. Same time, different year, I was digging y'all flow. Then I tatted you on my arm so niggas would know. I thought no one could stop us, matching gold watches. I was your Johnny Depp, you was my Janis Joplin. Yet the cuter version, yet I knew you personally. Better than you knew yourself – and I knew this for certain. Crib in the Dominican, you got away from everybody. You screaming at the racist cops in Miami was probably. The highlight of my life, like Ha, yo, look at my wife!. Gangsta, me and 20 cops 'bout to fight, crazy night. Bailed you out, next morning we got clean. Like it never happened, and later we at that Heat game. Just another day in the life of two people in love. But it wasn't enough, so baby, guess what...I guess you knew and blew a good thing, baby (Bye baby). OH! OH! AHHHHHHHH! Bye-bye (Bye-bye baby). I can't believe that this is happening to us. 'Cause I'm saying bye-bye (Bye baby). 'Cause I'm saying bye-bye. I guess you knew and blew a good thing, babyListen, could you imagine writing your deposition. Divorce lawyer telling you how this thing gonna be ending?. With you paying out the ass and I'm talking half. Not some, but half, no, serious, half. Half of your soul, half of your heart, you leaving behind. It’s either that or die, I wanted peace of mind. And all I seen was selfish cowards. Under their breath, saying, Why did Nas trust her?. But look at yourself! Speak louder, bruh!. You live with your baby moms. And scared to make an honest woman out of her. And make her your bride, fake pimps, you ain't even alive. At least I can say I tried plus enjoyed the ride. Plus we got our little boy, my little joy and pride. He got my nose, my grill, your color, your eyes. Next go round I hope I pick the truest type. And watch me do it all again – it’s a beautiful life, aight?. Goodbye!(Bye baby) Baby.. baby. You know I'm saying bye-bye (Bye-bye baby). I can't believe that this is happening to us. 'Cause I'm saying bye-bye (Bye baby). I guess you knew and blew a good thing. You know I'm saying bye-bye. I guess you knew and blew a good thing, baby'Til we make love just one more time. Make it seem forever. This is our last and final goodbye. GoodbyeWhen was the last time you heard a real anthem. Nas, the millionaire, the mansion. When was the last time you heard your boy Nas rhyme. Never on schedule, but always on timeWhen was the last time you heard a real anthem. Nas, the millionaire, the mansion. When was the last time you heard your boy Nas rhyme. Never on schedule, but always on timeYeah, niggas want to talk about this rap shit. Niggas want to talk about this money. About these cars, these homes, these labels. Clothes, sneakers, big money shit. Now everybody trying to get rich. Now get rich niggas, fuck itSome rap pioneers be them crackheads. When they speak, you see missin' teeth. Silver chain with a silver piece. Niggas your grandfather's age, they pants still hangin' down they legs, talkin' about they ain't paid. And they hate you, ‘cause they say you ain't pay dues. And Slyvia Robinson was stealin' and robbin' them. I feel it's a problem we gotta resolve. Hip-Hop been dead, we the reason it died. Wasn't Sylvia's fault or because MC's skills are lost. It's because we can't see ourselves as the boss. Deep-rooted through slavery, self-hatred. The Jewish stick together, friends in high places. We on some low level shit, we don't want niggas to ever win. See, everybody got a label. Everybody's a rapper, but few flow fatal. It's fucked up, it all started from two turntablesSome of these new rappers got their caps flipped backwards. With their fingers intertwined in some gang-sign madness. I got an exam, let's see if y'all pass it. Let's see who can quote a Daddy Kane line the fastest. Some of you new rappers, I don't understand your code. You have your man shoot you, like in that Sopranos episode. Do anythin' to get in the game, mixtapes. You spit hate against bosses; hungry fucks are moraless. You should be tossed in a pit full of unfortunate vocalists. Niggas, I could've wrote your shit. I had off-time, was bored with this. I could've made my double-LP. Just by samplin' different parts of Nautilus. Still came five on the charts with zero audience. The lane was open and y'all was droppin' that garbage shit. Y'all got awards for your bricks – it got good to ya. You started tellin' them bigger dogs to call it quits?! WHAT?Now niggas got the studio poppin', it's mad clearer. Engineers got his earplugs and still hear us. The live-in-the-park sound versus the studio state of art sound. We on the charts now. From British Walkers and Argyles. Look at us rap stars now, with our black cars now. Fortune 500 listed, brunches, sip Cipriani's. Sippin', blunted, with rich white guys around me. Thick white girls around me, Chinese lined up. Because I'm what? Every dime lust. We used to be a ghetto secret; can't make my mind up. If I want that or the whole world to peep it. Now carry on tradition. Fuck a bum wack rapper makin' his career out of dissin'. Peace to the strugglin' artists and dead one's gone, we miss 'em. I promise I carry on traditionI want someone who like the champagne I like, my a-alike. Someone to talk me off the bridge any day or night. She teach me how to live, she ain’t afraid of life. Not easily impressed with the rich and famous life. 'Cause she done been there and heard all the rumors before. She loves art, she ride out with me on my music tour. She like the herb's natural medicine, she cookin' good. She tell me everything is cool when it ain't lookin' good. For real, the world so ill, yo I want a girl so real. Who not after material wealth but get dough still. Or maybe an educator, a lady with etiquette. Who can be from out the hood or even work for the president. As long as there’s no selfishness. Yes, as long as her love for the people is deep-rooted and evident. You can be easily recruited, you’re heaven-sent. Your smile put me at ease. You’re the woman I need, but where is she?I hate when people write me hostile texts. On account of my lifestyle’s perception. Invade my personal life? Out of the question. What are they expectin'? I be tryin' to reply and. They never suppose I get my quiet time in?. They think forever I’m rollin' in dough, swimmin' in a pool of cash. God, wouldn’t they know or am I a fool or ass?. I’m well known, got people comin' at me mad. I had to tell homes, I don’t keep a cell phone, my bad. I drag off the L and try to silence it. The noise in my head, the curse of the talented. Strong communicator, vagabond. I’d gallivant around the equator, if that would get me off the radar. It’s so intense, I’m on my Lilo & Stitch. Pour my Pinot Grigio and Cris with some lime, what is this?. An immaculate version of Me & My Bitch by Biggie. With all respect 'cause you the only one that gets meYeah, yeah, let’s pour some cherry wine. Everything’s good, everything’s fine. Yeah, yeah, we bring it every time. Yeah, pour a little cherry wine. Yeah, hey yo, Salaam. Yeah, I think they know the time. Everything’s good, everything’s fine. Yeah, pour a little cherry wine, yeah. . Life is good, life is good, yeah. Life is good, no matter what, life is good. Life is good, life is good, yeah. No matter what, life is goodAnd as a special treat this evening. I have asked America's foremost young poet. To read his latest poem for usYo... Yo.. yo... Power and crime, the thugs slinging powder and dimes. Twenties of D, is yo' niggas wilder than mine?. My niggas bust nines, puff lye and stick up cowards. For they shine, you resist, then you push up flowers. I'm like Luca Brasi, Vito's best hit-man. That's Godfather shit, back seat, next lit plans. Revolvers spit, I'm too tough to bargain with. And you don't want the God to pull up the cars that's sick. Arms and wrists is lit up, Queensbridge Kings. Plaques, awards, applause when I do my thing. Streets is black as midnight, the concrete gray. With stains of blood and germ and piss all day. Come on the ave, get sized up, plus appraised. Duck and pray that my guns don't bust your way. Niggas with names, living off reputation. Sometimes gotta remind you ain't nothing changingIf you ill come get me, 'cause I ain't running. If your gun's off the hook then we'll both be gunning. Come get me if you real, 'cause I ain't scared. It's all fair in love and war and I'm well prepared. If you ill come get me, 'cause I ain't running. If your gun's off the hook then we'll both be gunning. Come get me if you real, 'cause I ain't scared. It's all fair in love we can take it thereYou don't like me clown? Now you wanna take me down?. If I bring my face around, you gon' do what? You butt. Your crew knew I blew up, I been shining - baseball diamonds. Dick rings for your chicklings. Niggas know what my nine pearl handle's about. Fuck you say girlie mouth? Get it krunk like the Dirty South. And I know you see me flossed out, multi-milli-i. Hear your bitch talk about me, you give her the cold eye?. Girls dig you, imagine what she feel for me?. You make hot songs, but she know you steal from me. Who ill as me? I wild on haters in album three. Next level - I take y'all niggas to 3-D. Can't find a nigga shook from Queens. I'll be with the most grimy killers. (what nigga) and they all look clean. Who put bombs underneath cars, if you want beef then start. Your next stop is to the graveyardIf you ill come get me, 'cause I ain't running. If your gun's off the hook then we'll both be gunning. Come get me if you real, 'cause I ain't scared. It's all fair in love and war and I'm well prepared. If you ill come get me, 'cause I ain't running. If your gun's off the hook then we'll both be gunning. Come get me if you real, 'cause I ain't scared. It's all fair in love we can take it thereYou too feminine to kill again, jail got you soft. You talk but you scared to go back up North. Keep your face twisted, but you don't really want nothing. Talk a bunch of shit motherfucker and stop fronting. You don't wanna flip again, and sell drugs again. Be on the run again, catch you at the Comfort Inn. Shoot up your door, bust in on you and your whore. Put y'all in bags, clean the blood off of the floor. So play tough, I want y'all to get out of line. I got nines, every color shape and design. I sent killers every race to put one in your spine. Two in your ear, get your crew, who do I fear?. Nobody never get involved and none of 'em dying. I think like you do, roll with about two irons. Catch me flying, high in the aircraft wining. - and dining, you die, then we laugh, you bitch-ass. The rich ass, they gauze up, your stab wounds. While I'm getting head, in a Lear jet, bathroom. With all my goons, all my ice, and suitcases. Full of paper, not money it's bank statements. The Illmatic that explains how we rock. Yachts and co-ops, we buy the hood and sell you a blockIf you ill come get me, 'cause I ain't running. If your gun's off the hook then we'll both be gunning. Come get me if you real, 'cause I ain't scared. It's all fair in love and war and I'm well prepared. If you ill come get me, 'cause I ain't running. If your gun's off the hook then we'll both be gunning. Come get me if you real, 'cause I ain't scared. It's all fair in love we can take it there. . {*scratching by DJ Premier*}. Ladies and gentlemen... Na-Na-Na-Nastradamus. Everybody watch him. Ladies and gentlemen... Na-Na-Na-Nastradamus. We-we-we came a long way. Ladies and gentlemen... Na-Na-Na-Nastradamus. Everybody watch him. Ladies and gentlemen... Na-Na-Na-Nastradamus*}. . {*scratching by DJ Premier*}. Ladies and gentlemen... Ladies and gentlemen... . {Hydro Drops weed skit follows}The cops used to come around in my neighborhood. Alright, you kids, stop having so much fun, move along!. Oh they'd arrest me, you know, especially at night. They had a curfew, niggas had to be home at 11, negros, 12. And you'd be trying to get home, doing your crew runs. And they'd always catch you out in front of a store or something. 'Cause you'd be taking shortcuts, right. Cops, Ree, put your hands up, black boy!The cops shot the kid. The cops shot the kid, the cops shot–. The cops shot the kid. The cops shot the kid, the cops shot–. The cops shot the kid. The cops shot the kid, the cops shot–. The cops shot the kid. The cops shot the kid, the cops shot–. The cops shot the kidI don't wanna hurt nobody. We just came here to party. See a few dames, exchange some names. I'm a top shotta, kid, stay in your lane. The cop shot the kid, same old scene. Pour out a little liquor, champagne for pain. Slap-boxin' in the street. Crack the hydrant in the heat. Cop cars on the creep. Doin' they round-ups, we just watch for the sweep. Yeah, it's hotter than July. It's the summer when niggas die. It's the summer when niggas ride. Together we'll be strong, but forever we divide. So y'all are blowin' my high. Type of shit that's killin' my vibe. White kids are brought in alive. Black kids get hit with like five. Get scared, you panic, you're goin' down. The disadvantages of the brown. How in the hell the parents gon' bury their own kids. Not the other way around?. Reminds me of Emmett Till. Let's remind 'em why Kap kneelsThe cops shot the kid. The cops shot the kid, the cops shot–. The cops shot the kid. The cops shot the kid, the cops shot–. The cops shot the kid. The cops shot the kid, the cops shot–. The cops shot the kid. The cops shot the kid, the cops shot–. The cops shot the kid. The cops shot the kid, the cops shot–. The cops shot the kid. The cops shot the kid, the cops shot–. The cops shot the kid. The cops shot the kid, the cops shot–. The cops shot the kid. I still hear him screamStay tuned up and down your timeline. This fake news, people is all lyin'. Money is bein' made when a mom cries. Won't be satisfied 'til we all die. Tell me, who do we call to report crime. If 9-1-1 doin' the driveby?. It's certain things I can't abide by. I ain't bein' extreme, this is my side. Talkin' big shit, ready to die. I know every story got two sides. Claimin' he paranoid by the black guy. Cop wanna make it home by nighttime. Just a good kid, he wasn't that guy. Had a little hit, he wasn't that high. Cop gon' claim that it was self-defense. Say he was ridin' dirty so the case restsThe cops shot the kid. The cops shot the kid, the cops shot– (workin' nine-to-five). The cops shot the kid. The cops shot the kid, the cops shot– (tryna stay alive). The cops shot the kid. The cops shot the kid, the cops shot– (makin' ends meet). The cops shot the kid. The cops shot the kid, the cops shot– (shot him this week). The cops shot the kid. The cops shot the kid, the cops shot–. The cops shot the kid. The cops shot the kid, the cops shot–. The cops shot the kid. The cops shot the kid, the cops shot–. The cops shot the kid. I still hear him screamOne more time, one more time. Uh, one more time. Uh, one more timeI dream of the day I can go back to when I was born. Layin' in your arms, wishin' you was here today, Mom. Wish you'd appear, just for a second from Heaven. My tears would be gone, I wouldn't be rappin' this song. I'd be happy drivin' up to your eight-bedroom mansion. Up late, laughin' about the hard times we faced. The galaxy is so enchantin' beyond, Galileo's understandin'. Past the Milky Way and all the planets. There's somethin' out there greater, but only God knows. Scientists claim we came from apes, but they lies though. That was part of our conversation. I spark one up and start blazin'. Thinkin' of how amazin' she was, an angel gave me love. I'm thankful to ever know a woman so real. I pray, when I marry, my wife'll have one of your skills. But Mom, you could never be replaced. I'd give my life up just to see you one more day, to have—One more dance with you, Momma. If I could only have. One more dance with you, Momma. Praying, wishing that I could have. One more dance with you, Momma. If I could only have. One more dance with you, MommaI wish you were here, I miss you more each second I breathe. You resting in peace, forever, I accepted you free. A blessing to me, I see you dressed in all white. Smilin' at me, happy, knowin' everything's all right. If only I could hear your voice and your laughter. Just one more time, my chest would be filled up with sunshine. April 7th '02, that's when the gates of Heaven opened up. For you to stroll through, beautiful Anne Jones. Job is done, raising ghetto kids in the hood. You was my strength to carry on, and now I'm good. Job well done, you lived through your sons and grandchildren. Jesus finally got his bride, Mommy, dance with him!. And you've been my guide through all the trouble I faced. They playin' our song, the life-beat, my hand on your waist. I grab your other hand, I'm tryin' not to step on your toes. Spin you around with my eyes closed, dreaming I can have—One more dance with you, Momma. If I could only have. One more dance with you, Momma. Praying, wishing that I could have. One more dance with you, Momma. If I could only have. One more dance with you, MommaI love you forever, Mom. You will always live through me, always. Uh, uh, uh, yeahCheck it out. I call it, yeah, yeahI saw my daughter send a letter to some boy her age. Who locked up, first I regretted it, then caught my rage. Like, how could I not protect her from this awful phase?. Never tried to hide who I was, she was taught and raised. Like a princess, but while I'm on stage I can't leave her defenseless. Plus she's seen me switchin' women, Pops was on some pimp shit. She heard stories of her daddy thuggin'. So if her husband is a gangster, can't be mad, I'll love him. Never, for her I want better, homie in jail – dead that. Wait 'til he come home, you can see where his head's at. Niggas got game, they be tryna live. He seen your Mama crib, plus I'm sure he know who your father is. Although you real, plus a honest kid. Don't think I'm slow, I know you probably had that chronic lit. You seventeen, I got a problem with it. She looked at me like I'm not the cleanest father figure. But she rockin' with itThis morning I got a call, nearly split my wig. This social network said: Nas, go and get your kid!. She's on Twitter, I know she ain't gon' post no pic. Of herself underdressed – no inappropriate shit, right?. Her mother cried when she answered. Said she don't know what got inside this child's mind, she planted. A box of condoms on her dresser, then she Instagram'd it. At this point I realized I ain't the strictest parent. I'm too loose, I'm too cool with her. Should've drove more time to school with her. I thought I dropped enough jewels on her. Took her from private school, so she can get a balance. To public school, they're too nurture teen talents. They grow fast, one day she's your little princess. Next day she's talkin' boy business – what is this?. They say the coolest playas and foulest heart breakers in the world. God gets us back, he makes us have precious little girlsAnd I ain't tryin' to mess your thing up. But I just wanna see you dream up. I finally understand. It ain't easy to raise a girl as a single man. Nah, the way mothers feel for they sons. How fathers feel for they daughters. When he date, he straight, chip off his own papa. When she date, we wait behind the door with a sawed-off. ‘Cause we think no one is good enough for our daughters. LoveThis is a journey into the world's most largest and notorious projects: Queensbridge. Listen while Nas saves his hood from the most cowardest rappersHe held a mass appeal and a likkle boy smile. Depressed has a complex his mouth was foul. You need to stay around I feel like tellin' some stories. First there's this arrogant fuck, his name's Cory. Hung around my man's Lakey and Big Trevor. Trevor's still locked up, Lake's gettin' his cheddar. Corey changed his name to ahh, whatever. Cornchip, Buckwheat look-a-like, it's Mega. Right, Mega was his name, sorry about that. (But it's so hard) to put a coward's name in my rap. Always actin' tough, a jokester be frontin'. He got snuffed, he got shot in the thigh, he did nothin'. But that's Nas always lookin' out for bredren. Cause when bredren don't return love it don't stress him. Cause gangstas do gangsta shit, real recognize real. Still laughin' to the bank and shit. Back to Cor', got him a deal but his rhymes was wack. Def Jam mad that he signed the contract. Now he got jealous and mad at my shine. Making silly tapes, I'm always on his mind. Nonsense, not to be obnoxious kid. Mega for the record you could suck my dick. Bitch, you from around the way it's sad what this do to me. But Queensbridge, we gotta have unitySince we on the subject of traitors and flunkies. Mega ain't the only faggot in my hood, dummies. There's plenty that wanna be me but cannot. Its like King Arthur and Knight Sir Lancelot. Lefty and Donnie Brasco, Gotti and Paul. Before I woulda told you Prodigy's my dog. Through the ups and downs, robberies and all. Though I always knew he wanted my downfall. He would say his little slick shit and act real funny. For what, nigga? You're butt and it got back to me. Askin' a Braveheart to get back your jewelry. You ain't from my hood, don't even rep Q.B. Nature moved to Marcy. (Man dick riding Nature) nothing else to say. Man Nature moved to Marcy (far.. far away). (Backward ass niggas, man fuck them niggas. Go head with the program man proceed). Old lady pocketbook snatcher, car thief. Of course we ain't friends, you never stood on no blocks. Streets or corners with zombies, ghouls and gangstas. Cops, drug dealers with pools of blood anger. Just fills me when niggas let out of town to set shot. And get filthy rich, its just not. No more morals, no loyalty, no more community. Queensbridge, we gotta have unityI put the name on the map after Marley and Shan. Q.B. before the ROC had one jam. Before the Death Row and Bad Boy beef. Had streets locked with raw talent, I laugh at the weak. So this about cleanin' up house, my own backyard. Famous home of rap stars well known be getting robbed. P, how many times ain't you shamed that. Jungle was bustin' his gun to get your weak chain back. They don't respect you a cheque's due for me for your fame. Mega I hope you blow so I'm sayin' your name (Mega, Mega). Hoes play your position 'cause you'll never be King. Even Jigga want the crown: How that sound? Poor thing!. I'm representin' Queensbridge U.S.A. Where two SK's go off every day ruthless-lay. All you little roaches and rats. Besides my man Ricky, Nas the true ruler is back. So haters sayThe Bridge is over, my dick!. The Bridge'll never be over, long as I'm alive and breathin'!. Braveheart to the graveyard! I'm the William Wallace of this shit. Ayo P, Prodigy I got love for you man, I love you man. You know what I'm sayin'?. Just get them unloyal niggas from out your circle!. You can't save everybody!. Niggas invited you to the hood - rep it right my nigga!. Be untouchable, my nigga. So it be Mobb for life for real, and that's real!. Ayo Nature, I can't hold your hand through this shit man!. I'm not your father, man!. Be your own man, stand on your own two!. I believe in you, believe in yourself, nigga. Or dont even rep this, man!. Ayo Mega you wanna be a gangsta?. There's real gangsta shit going on in the streets man!. Yo niggas is in the grind! Where you be at man?. Niggas be buckin'!. Why you never buckin'? Where you be at, man?. All of a sudden you the motherfuckin' Nino Brown of the fuckin' hood?. It's disgusting, man! Stay out the magazines!. Keep my name out your motherfuckin' mouth!. There's no more room for jealousy, we destroyin' and rebuildin':. That means the cowards get out, and real niggas stay!. Niggas been hating me since I been nine. Shining with suede motherfucking Bally's on and silks. I'ma always be the young don. Don't be like the niggas on the other side:. Hating me cause I'm beautiful!. Real niggas in Queensbridge:. You niggas come up and get this money and move on baby!. Q.BHope y'all make it through the storm. You know what though, I love the rain man. A lot of you cats are runnin' your mouths (hahaha). Your runnin' your mouths crazy. Think y'all got to ease up though, you know. Ease up 'fore somethin' happen man. We don't want that, at least you don't. Be easy man, tell you how it feels to be on top of the world. But y'all niggas better take it slow. Don't body ya self. Don't body ya self. Yeah, don't body ya self niggaYeah, yeah. Everybody get low niggas. Dedicated to the fuck Nas coalition. Touch my dough, I'm lettin' .40 cals blow, nigga. Not cows with four legs. But cals with more lead. That add up more dead. It's on nigga, I'ma bury 'em. Niggas don't want beef they vegetarian. Scared of pussy you climbed out a caesarean (woo!). I push ya grown ass back in your mother's womb. You need 9 more months. Your crews 9 more punks. You rhyme on stuff and claim I ain't sign y'all up. If I sign y'all I'm on dust. Yeah we from the same hood but nigga WHAT?!. When y'all was tryna rap y'all was makin' me proud. Man now you fucked up down on your luck, runnin' your mouth man. Why don't be a real man, say you need a little help. And I might help your ass off the shelf. But no, you're bein' disrespectful. Thinkin' son so cool that he won't check you. Stand down, the king is home. Queens' own, NASDAQ, Dow JonesI am De Niro after Am.Ex. commercials and The Fockers. With Martin Scorsese after Gangs of New York could rock this. Back together with the master plan. The rebirth of Langston Hughes, I'm that man. I'm in the streets like old graffiti. I'm hearin' wankstas talkin' greasy. Whether broke or rich my friend. Nasir bring that career to an end. And I'm bored with you MCs B. Y'all beneath me. And my raps bring horror like a board of Ouija. Of course I'm the king, get my shine on. And I blind y'all 'cause they call me The Lord of the Rings. Pinky heavy man, big stones in the wedding ban'. Smell of brimstone back from Hell again. Next verse gets worse from God's son to Devil sentThey say Jada defeated him. Joe too street for him. What's next? I guess it's for Nas to Ether him. Y'all awaiting an MC burial. This is ethereal, FM stereo to XM radio. What does it mean, ethereal? Hmm.. either heavenly or spiritual. Extreme, delicately light in a way that seems too perfect for this world. Man that is righteous, faithful and keeps law. Will surely live declares the sovereign Lord. And you are none of the above. So you a sucka for death, if I'm a sucka for love. And y'all wanna know why I don't gotta answer niggas. 'Cause I truly understand these niggas. Scared of me so they talk about family members. Like I can't point out your grandma to niggas. Damn you was my man like crew, dog. Don't make me change your body frame to blue fog. The Q is the borough of true Dons. Any disrespect nigga we choose arms. Will it be Gilmore or Crowe's?. Nigga act like ya knowYeah. Y'all better take it slow. Motherfucker act like ya know. Mess around and body ya self man. Don't body ya selfPushin' drop-tops, Stacy Lattisaw tapes, the 80's had us all apes. Youngest gorillas up to bat at home plate. That was a uncanny era, guns in my pants, yeah. X-Clan hair, with dreads at the top of my fade. Homicidal feds on the blocks where I played b-ball. That's when I wondered was I here for the cause or because. 'Cause Ray Charles could see the ghetto. Was told to stay strong and I could beat the devil. 'Cause yo, I used to play Apollo balcony seats. Watchin' niggas swing razors in the front row. Then out in the streets, the car show, 560's, chemical Afros. Acuras pumpin' Super Lover Cee and Casanova. Live chicks be asses bustin' out of they clothes. Wearin' lip gloss, big door knockers peelin' they earlobes. So where them years go?. Where the Old Gold beers and cheers go?. But now them shorties here though, soThe doo rags are back, fitted hats, snorkels and furs. Rikers Island buses still packed, what's the word?. The drinkers stay drinkin', or puffin' they herb. And I'm still enjoyin' life's ride; one mo' time. The doo rags are back, fitted hats, snorkels and furs. Rikers Island buses still packed, what's the word?. The drinkers still drinkin', or puffin' they herb. And I'm still enjoyin' life's ride, right?Political thugs in shark suits persuade us to pull triggers. In army boots, yellin', Join the armed forces!. We lost the Vietnam War, intoxicated poisons. Needles in arms of veterans instead of bigger fortunes. There's still a lot of nigga crawlin' in the corporate offices. War in the ghetto, we crabs in a barrel, they torture us. They won't be servin' the beast too long. The murderers wearin' police uniforms, Confederate flags I burn. Beat Street breakers were dancin' to the music I chose. And Peachtree, Atlanta crackheads was tootin' they nose. In frozen corners of Chicago. Loaded-up llamas, children with fo'-fo's and double-revolvers. We devil incarnates headed for jail. Where Shell gas company in South Africa be havin' us killed. Your paper money was the death of Christ. And all these shorties comin' up just resurrect your life. It's like a cycleThe doo rags are back, fitted hats, snorkels and furs. Rikers Island buses still packed, what's the word?. The drinkers stay drinkin', or puffin' they herb. And I'm still enjoyin' life's ride; one mo' time. The doo rags are back, fitted hats, snorkels and furs. Rikers Island buses still packed, what's the word?. The drinkers still drinkin', or puffin' they herb. And I'm still enjoyin' life's ride, right?Niggas used to wear rags on they hair when it was fried up. That's when we were lied to, buyin' hair products. Back before my generation, when our blackness started disintegratin' till awareness started penetratin'. The styles come from prison, they used potatoes makin' liquor. Just to prove we some creative niggas. Turnin' nothin' into somethin' is God work. And you get nothin' without struggle and hard work. War is necessary to my niggas in chains. From Green to Sing-Sing I'm wantin' y'all to know one thing. The hardest thing is to forgive, but God does. Even if you murdered or robbed, yeah it's wrong, but God loves. Take one step toward him, He takes two toward you. Even when all else fail, God support you. I done it, got God's Son on my stomach. My heart and my lungs was affected. From Henny's and gettin' blunted. Do your body right and it loves you back. You only get one life, and yo, because of that. I'm still blazin', goin' out for the cause. Still rockin' stockin' caps, not for the waves, obeyin' no laws. And it's like thatThe doo rags are back, fitted hats, snorkels and furs. Rikers Island buses still packed, what's the word?. The drinkers stay drinkin', or puffin' they herb. And I'm still enjoyin' life's ride; one mo' time. The doo rags are back, fitted hats, snorkels and furs. Rikers Island buses still packed, what's the word?. The drinkers still drinkin', or puffin' they herb. And I'm still enjoyin' life's ride, right?Hell yeah. Check it check it check, check check. Yo, when it come to sex advice, I'm the one to call. If you a virgin with blue balls or you tear down walls. Not Dr. Ruth, call me Dr. Knockboot. Pimped out hats, rock fashionable suits. A class for the youth, Sex Ed for your head. The do's and don'ts, that should happen in the bed. First, DON'T: run up in her raw cause you get burned. For sure, fuckin' with the typical whore, because. DO: rock a Rough Ryder, whenever you inside her. Your local bodega is your supplier. And DON'T: take the pussy, if she fightin'. Cause you saw what happened to 2Pac and Mike Tyson. 'Specially if you large, some hoes is trife. Get you on a rape charge, have you servin' your life. Yo, DO: get a yes confirmation before penetration. You wind up in a police station. DON'T: get with no young bitch and hit it. She PG-13, you rated R, she not permitted. DO: check for ID, whenever chillin' V.I.P. With fly shorty P.Y.T. Yo, DON'T: lie about the cars you got. Or who you hang with, frontin' when you borrowed your watch. Yo, DO: play your game right, if the G's tight. Then you can fuck shorty the same night. Yo, DON'T: trick when you don't have to. You think you ballin'? You turn your back they laughin' at you. You don't gotta keep repeatin you a thug, she heard you. In fact, she attracted to your man that herbed you. DO: spend a lil' dough, only if you know. The bitch gross a lil' somethin' too bro. DON'T: eat the pussy the first night. Maker her bless you, we call that shit gesundheit. DO: set the mood right, Bailey's with ice. A cup of Thug Passion'll make everything right. Yo, DON'T: pop shit like you Daddy Longdick. When you come fast like Fed-Ex and bust too quick. DO: hit positions she will find interest in. DON'T: hit the pussy if that shit's blisterin'. Hope you're listenin', turn up your transisterin'. Hot 97, KISS-FM or B-L-S, with your hand up her dress. Chillin' with your girl while you thinkin' 'bout ya ex. Not too easy not too complex. I break it down, how to adress, the opposite sex. Problems or questions, I can answer them best. Signin' off Dr. Knockboot at your request, peaceRest havens. Fuck y'all bitches. Y'all niggas get y'all shit tight. Dr. Knockboot gotta come take y'all bitches from ya!. AIGHT?! We out!Uhh, uhh, where am I going. Where am I?. Yo, it's illYo, my wife's tired of fucking me. Life tries ducking me. Luckily I find 'em just at the right time. MAC in my right arm. Tequila bottle in my left arm, like Christión. Watching my life go. Can't do myself in. Wolves in the night yo, Hell's men. Two revolvers, I can let twelve spin. Hop in my Benz, push it to the limit. Buck-sixty who wit' me?. My Cris', two L's, twisted blunts and inner conscience. Telling me that I ain't shit. No matter how much cash I sit with. Still gotta ask the Lord for forgiveness. My precious baby girl came like forty nights of rain. To replenish my adolescent brain. Blessed be her name, before her birth I was insane. So I drive to cool the pressure down, delay the pain. I ate from these poisonous, fucked up streets. Tasted larceny, it was sweet, I starved for more to eat. Though I took, that was to live, hope God will forgive. As odd as it is, the more I gain the harder it is. To maintain, bitches playin' games. Niggas snitchin'. I ain't saying names. But y'all niggas better watch how y'all slang. Lost so many close niggas. Drunk, almost crashed. I'm going too fast. Highway patrol will just flash. Lights in my rearview. If they stop me I hope they lock me. Instead they speed ahead. Yo nigga watch meI'm drunk by myself, gun under my seat. I don't want none of my peeps caught up in none of my beef. I'm a ride to the end of the road if I have to. Praying no car speeds by for me to crash to. Steering wheel in my hand. Trying to hold it steady. Anything in my way is dead. 'Cause that's the way I feel, I am already. When I'm drunk by myself alone in the zone. Drunk by myselfHeard niggas hate me, but I hated too once. Been in the shoes of a Wolf in the night when he hunts. For every shell niggas bust, we bust at ourselves. Can't tell them niggas nothing though. Bullets wake 'em up well. Take them to hell. Stick up niggas once ran up on me. My decadent lifestyle attracted sharks on me. I ain't your mark homey. It's hard to look straight. My foot on the brake. Spilling my bottle not even shook of the Jakes. Could hardly look both ways. Put out the haze blurry vision. Think about the time in my life before I was in television. Hella women. Jealous niggas up in my vision. Since we all hood niggas expect kilos. For what they not seeing is police expect Rico. Only if I could take care of everybody, intoxicated. Windows up blasting A/C going wherever instinct takes me. I hate it when I'm like this. The bottle's my accompliceI'm drunk by myself, gun under my seat. I don't want none of my peeps caught up in none of my beef. I'm a ride to the end of the road if I have to. Praying no car speeds by for me to crash to. Steering wheel in my hand. Trying to hold it steady. Anything in my way is dead. 'Cause that's the way I feel, I am already. When I'm drunk by myself alone in the zone. Drunk by myselfThe reason that I want to be alone. Tired of all the things that went wrong. That would have went right if I would have did it on my own. Take another swig. The more I drink, the more I think bad thoughts. Fake friends who hung around who wanna bring you down. Not knowing who to trust, rumors about niggas coming through. Supposedly to shoot at us, not knowing what was true. Or what to believe, that's why I'm on the low lately. Choosing a Henny bottle over a friend, driving again. To keep my mind off that weak shit. There's love through it all. Things to live for. I swerve, almost crash into a wall. Think about the good. Find myself laughing. Turn the cell off, no way to be reached. Know I'm near my crib. Tryna see my way through the streets. Reminded of the positive, I take my drunk ass home. Start feeling out of it, can't wait to get out of this whip. Bring my ass to the crib. I'm tired...I'm drunk by myself, gun under my seat. I don't want none of my peeps caught up in none of my beef. I'm a ride to the end of the road if I have to. Praying no car speeds by for me to crash to. Steering wheel in my hand. Trying to hold it steady. Anything in my way is dead. 'Cause that's the way I feel, I am already. When I'm drunk by myself alone in the zone. Drunk by myselfThrough the lights, cameras, and action, glamour, glitters, and gold. I unfold the scroll, plant seeds to stampede the globe. When I'm deceased, by then the beast arise like yeast. To conquer peace leaving savages to roam in the streets. Live on the run, police paying me to give in my gun. Trick my wisdom with the system that imprisoned my son. Smoke a gold leaf, I hold heat, nonchalantly. I'm raunchy, but things I do is real it never haunts me. While, funny style niggas roll in the pile. Rooster heads profile on a bus to Rikers Isle. Holdin’ weed inside they pussy with they minds on the pretty things in life. Gettin' props is a true thug's wife. It's like a cycle, niggas come home, some'll go in. Do a bullet, come back and do the same shit again. From the womb to the tomb, I presume the unpredictable. Gun salute life rapidly, that's the ritualBlunts, thugs and alcohol, what a mixture. Just picture, ya life as a whole judged in court they convict ya. They telling you your state of mind, like you worthless. So he curses, his mom saying Bible verses. That's all she works with. But miracles never leave the churches. Instead, it hits the pockets of the Preacher just to purchase. A house, with a swimming pool, labels me a sinning fool. I'm just a nigga who inherited a winning jewel. To be a trendsetter, whenever subject to. Respect this and all respect due is the essential. To street life, hustlin’, the struggle, broke ghettos. Boiling coke settles slow inside a glass kettle. Darren Levy on my TV, lifestyles of living easy. Got my crew tense, plottin’ to jips, to get whips with BBs. Pushing cakes, knew anorexics with ten plates. Celebrating elevation in the seeds that we make. So How You Like That?Escobar life, gems and raw Timbs. Gators for pretty boy haters. In Vegas with chicks trickin’ fortunes. I'm glistening, housing cops whistling. Still I'm drifting in a high, blunts is like insulin. 95-I, I drive high, zoning. Stash box zone in my trunk, I flash not, teeth golden. Look at me now, Ma. Blowin’ but for how far?. Cars, cash, and bitches got me out more. And things you never dreamed I can vouch for. Snake niggas slither on the A-alikes. I ain't a Christian, but I find that we pray alike. Never the one to ask for the time to a saint. A mask and nine, I think, will make my problems sink. Down a canal, similar to how we drink. Distinct diamond-flooded Sphinx shines on my links. Drug money, snortin’ bitches, in the end of times. Got my nine, 'til I flatline, nigga, give me mine. . Déjà vu....Fuck Jay Z!. (What's up, niggas?. Ayo, I know you ain't talkin' about me, dog. You? What?!). Fuck Jay Z!. (You been on my dick, nigga. You love my style, nigga). Fuck Jay Z!(I) Fuck with your soul like ether. (Will) Teach you – the king – you know you. (Not) God's Son across the belly. (Lose) I prove you lost alreadyBrace yourself for the main event, y'all impatiently waitin'. It's like an AIDS test, what's the results? Not positive. Who's the best: Pac, Nas and B.I.G.? Ain't no best. East, West, North, South, flossed out, greedy. I embrace y'all with napalm. Blows up, no guts left, chest/face gone. How could Nas be garbage? Semi-autos at your cartilage. Burner at the side of your dome, come out of my throne!. I got this locked since 9-1, I am the truest. Name a rapper that I ain't influenced. Gave y'all chapters, but now I keep my eyes on the Judas. With Hawaiian Sophie fame, kept my name in his music(I) Fuck with your soul like ether. (Will) Teach you – the king – you know you. (Not) God's Son across the belly. (Lose) I prove you lost already(I) Fuck with your soul like ether. (Will) Teach you – the king – you know you. (Not) God's Son across the belly. (Lose) I prove you lost alreadyI've been fucked over, left for dead, dissed and forgotten. Luck ran out, they hoped that I'd be gone, stiff and rotten. Y'all just piss on me, shit on me, spit on my grave. Talk about me, laugh behind my back, but in my face. Y'all some well-wishers, friendly-acting, envy-hiding snakes. With your hands out for my money, man, how much can I take?. When these streets keep callin', heard it when I was sleep. That this Gay-Z and Cock-a-Fella Records wanted beef. Started cockin' up my weapon, slowly loadin' up this ammo. To explode it on a camel and his soldiers. I can handle this for dolo, and his manuscript just sound stupid. When KRS already made an album called Blueprint (dick!). First Biggie's your man, then you got the nerve to say. That you better than B.I.G. Dick-suckin' lips, why don't you let the late great veteran live?(I) Fuck with your soul like ether. (Will) Teach you – the king – you know you. (Not) God's Son across the belly. (Lose) I prove you lost alreadyY'all niggas deal with emotions like bitches. What's sad is I love you, ‘cause you're my brother. You traded your soul for riches. My child, I've watched you grow up to be famous. And now I smile like a proud dad watchin' his only son that made it. You seem to be only concerned with dissin' women. Were you abused as a child?. Scared to smile? They called you ugly?. Well, life is harsh, hug me, don't reject me. Or make records to disrespect me, blatant or indirectly. In '88 you was gettin' chased through your building. Callin' my crib and I ain't even give you my numbers. All I did was give you a style for you to run with. Smilin' in my face, glad to break bread with the God. Wearin' Jaz' chains, no TEC's, no cash, no cars. No jail bars, Jigga, no pies, no case. Just Hawaiian shirts, hangin' with little Chase. You a fan, a phony, a fake, a pussy, a Stan. I still whip yo' ass, you 36 in a karate class?. You Tae-Bo ho, tryna work it out, you tryna get brolic?. Ask me if I'm tryna kick knowledge?. Nah, I'm tryna kick the shit you need to learn though. That ether, that shit that make your soul burn slow. Is he Dame Diddy, Dame Daddy or Dame Dummy?. Oh, I get it, you Biggie and he's Puffy. Rocafella died of AIDS, that was the end of his chapter. And that's the guy y'all chose to name your company after?. Put it together: I rock hoes, y'all rock fellas. And now y'all try to take my spot, fellas. Feel these hot rocks, fellas, put you in a dry spot, fellas. In a pine box with nine shots from my Glock, fellas. Foxy got you hot ‘cause you kept your face in her puss. What you think, you gettin' girls now ‘cause of your looks?. Ne-gro, please! You no-mustache-havin'. With whiskers like a rat, compared to Beans you whack. And your man stabbed Un and made you take the blame. You ass, went from Jaz to hangin' with Kane. To Irv, to B.I.G. – and Eminem murdered you on your own shit. You a dick-ridin' faggot, you love the attention. Queens niggas run you niggas, ask Russell Simmons! Ha!. R-O-C get gunned up and clapped quick. J.J. Evans get gunned up and clapped quick. Your whole damn record label, gunned up and clapped quick. Shawn Carter to Jay-Z – damn, you on Jaz dick!. So little shorty's gettin' gunned up and clapped quick. How much of Biggie's rhymes is gonna come out your fat lips?. Wanted to be on every last one of my classics. You pop shit, apologize, nigga, just ask Kiss!Peace, peace. Yo, Nasir Bin Olu Dara Visqu Allah. Fist full of dollars in a dice game God. D&G glasses, cloth Kangols, guided by angel with white wings. Nas the Viking, fresh to my ankles, thankful. Gangster see gangster do, I'm Langston Hughes predecessor. Gun on my dresser slang I use upset college professor. More knowledge than Webster dictionary, obituary column plus sign 'em. The first fake rapper murdered for rhyming. The jig is up, gut 'em like fish, Swiss cheese 'em up. My wrist is freezing up sick of these ducks on my hiatus. Poking out their chest like they tall as sky scrapers. But they small as a shanty in a African village. Soft as cotton candy we assassins and killers. Let shottie off in club floors, pellets spray your familia. You screaming like you love warEverybody's crazy. And somebody's gon' get shot, get robbed, get done, get stomped, get dropped. Ladies love thugs and my thugs love hip hop. Thugs love ladies and ladies they love hip hop. But everybody's crazy. And somebody's gon' get shot, get robbed, get done, get stomped, get dropped. Ladies love thugs and my thugs love hip hopPeace, fuck you with a fist in your ass. You pussy with yeast, you shook of the streets, you a Sisqó fag. You know blood baths I makes 'em, fake thugs I hate 'em. 8 slug I'm bustin' no discussion or waiting. 'Cause now instead of coke rhymes it's laying. No analog it's digital criminals turned rapper times is changing. Niggas get flashier houses more plusher. Bitches giving ass up at ages more younger. Hands on the clock keep turning, hands on a Glock they keep squeezing. Bullets stop in your sternum they stop you from breathing. I'm light year far, your mouth get all white. When I'm near you I frighten your heart. I want you to watch me notice stare look closely. Feel I'm who you 'posed to be real I know it hurts you. Soldiers approach you, you want to squash it, you older than most dudes. Although Nas did you and your whole crew, butEverybody's crazy. And somebody's gon' get shot, get robbed, get done, get stomped, get drop. Ladies love thugs and my thugs love hip hop. Thugs love ladies and ladies they love hip hop. But everybody's crazy. And somebody's gon' get shot, get robbed, get done, get stomped, get drop. Ladies love thugs and my thugs love hip hopPeace, I know where niggas sleep; it's too many schemes too many plots. War cost money and man I got too many spots. Hungry niggas get tutored to thinking new shit to come up. Killers fuck with killers you sleeping you getting stuck up. Not me, you're not ready I'm low but I be watching. We all connected so your man know my man. Your man knows my fam' they was cool when they was locked up. Beat cases and now niggas back on the block, what. Bothers is taking secret routes when they drive. Tinted windows ears to the street stay on their job. Peep niggas that got prices on their head so high. Their main niggas'll take the contract, surprise. So we play a mental game, intimidation. Got pussy niggas getting pressed up on and paying. I wish these niggas would step up wait for the day and. Since I'm famous they thinking assault rifles won't be spraying. Who ever thinking coming to my vault or the safe. I got some niggas with acid, get it thrown in your face. Play dirty catch your moms in J-30. Whatever whodie we all crazy we all 7:30 nowEverybody's crazy. And somebody's gon' get shot, get robbed, get done, get stomped, get drop. Ladies love thugs and my thugs love hip hop. Thugs love ladies and ladies they love hip hop. But everybody's crazy. And somebody's gon' get shot, get robbed, get done, get stomped, get drop. Ladies love thugs and my thugs love hip hopUhh, yeah, uhh. Blessings of life to the children, they say life is like five days. Words of a old man with silver hair, in his wheelchair. His eyes were bloody while describin' what lies before me. Said evil bitches and jealous men would try to destroy me. It occurred to me, this old nigga's words couldn't be realer. I'm on top now, slightest drama, I'll have ta kill ya. 'Cause animals sense weakness, sharks smell blood in water. Ishmael, Moses and Job knew the divine order. Shit is plastic material, havin' no life. I crash whips and leave it no matter the price. As long as I survive, cop a new five. Circle the block where the beef's at. And park in front of my enemy's eyes. They see that it's war we life stealers, hollow-tip lead busters. There's no heaven or hell - dead is dead fuckers. And your soul is with God, your mind keeps lurkin' the earth. Watchin' your own murder reoccurFor ever struggle, every strip, and every ghetto. For every nigga totin' inner pain and heavy metal. For every child that's born, and every nigga gone. And for every breath I breathe and live to see another morning. For ever struggle, every strip, and every ghetto. For every nigga totin' inner pain and heavy metal. For every child that's born, and every nigga gone. And for every breath I breathe and live to see another morningIt's Blitz nigga the streets glory many die for me. Got knocked, refused 3 to 9's, went to trial for me. Basically I'm just reality, loaded with foul stories of lust. Greed and contempt, no street is exempt. Extended clip shots, hoods barricaded for 6 blocks. I sip shots, watchin em hustlers pitch rocks. Oil paintin' pictures of my pain, illustrate the city in vain. Fallin deep into the pits of the game. This is for the sickest state of mind, in these fatal times. Vest crimes, nickel-plated nines and niggas for the dime. Hear the sounds of them babies cry, still I'm sayin why do we reside. In the ghetto with a million ways to die. Stayin' high to relieve the pain, breathin' in the game. Exhalin' guilt sin and shame, misery and strain. What the fuck will tomorrow bring; luck or anthrax. I stand back, hopin' I'll make it through tomorrowMy skin is a art gallery, right - with paintings of crucifixes. Hopin' to save me from all the dangers in the music business. Was once a young gangsta hangin' with youth offenders. But since I tasted paper it started losin the friendships. Watchin' kids freeze in winters, they still poor. How could I tease them with Benzes and feel no remorse. Drivin' past them in the lively fashion, diamond colors clashin'. Red stones, blue stones, red bones and black ones. Fuck did I expect with bucket seats in a Lex. And spendin' time in Chuckie Cheese with Little Des. Got guns when I'm with my daughter. Hate to bring a violent aura in her presence. She knows what daddy taught her, it's lessons. Black princess it's a ugly world. I put my life up for yours, see I love that girl. Could you believe even my shadow's jealous. My skin is mad at my flesh, my flesh hates my own bones. My brain hates my heart, my heart makes the songs. Though my songs come from the Father. I'm lonely... hold me, it's gettin' darkerFor ever struggle, every strip, and every ghetto. For every nigga totin' inner pain and heavy metal. For every child that's born, and every nigga gone. And for every breath I breathe and live to see another morning. For ever struggle, every strip, and every ghetto. For every nigga totin' inner pain and heavy metal. For every child that's born, and every nigga gone. And for every breath I breathe and live to see another morningIf I had everything, everything. I could change anything. If I changed anything, I mean anything. I would change everything, oh yeahIf I had everything, everything. I could change anything, I could change anything. If I changed anything, I mean anything. I would change everything, oh yeahWhen the media slings mud, we use it to build huts. Irrefutable facts, merciful, beautiful black beloved brother. You fail to embarrass him, harassin' him. To my life, your life pales in comparison. So go write whatever blog, messiness is not ever the God. Do what's necessary, I'm never worried. Listen vultures, I've been shackled by Western culture. You convinced most of my people to live off emotion. That's why we competin', death by the chrome barrel. Forgot the secrets, my Kilimanjaro bone marrow's the deepest. You can peep at the comments, but don't fall for that. We want freedom, I'm a scholar; an almanac. People do anything to be involved in everything. Inclusion is a hell of a drug. Some people have everything they probably ever wanted in life. And never have enoughIf I had everything, everything. I could change anything. If I changed anything, I mean anything. I would change everything, oh yeahFrom the birth of a child, the world is foul. Excursions of a searchin' child. Should learn to take nothin' personal. A parent hates to watch his baby's face. Takin' his first immunization shots, but this is great. The child's introduction to suffering and pain. Understands without words, nothin' is explained. Or rushed to the brain, lookin' up at his parents' face. Like, I thought you would protect me from this scary place?. Why'd you let them inject me?. Who's gonna know how these side effects is gonna affect me?. Who knew I would grow to meet presidents that respect me?. If Starbucks is bought by Nestlé, please don't arrest me. I need to use your restroom and I ain't buy no espresso. Soon enough, assume the cuffs, the position. Not new to us, since back on the bus sittin'. Said, Screw that bus! – boycotted that bus outta business. The future's us, yet every citizen's in prisonIf I had everything, everything. I could change anything. If I changed anything, I mean anything. I would change everything, oh yeahWatch me as I walk through the folly, golly, New York to Saudi. In Italy, I'm Eduardo Vaccari. But Nasty the hustler, nasty like mustard gas, sulfur. And I could sell Alaska to Russia, no pressure. My first house, 11,000-square-feet mansion. It was a haunted by dead rich whites. Mad a nigga bought his crib to hang up pictures of black Christ. Circular driveways, black cars and black ice. My second house, still in my twenties, illin' with money. Chilled through my spine, spillin' wine, it's funny. Did good for a staircase loiterer, euphoria. What you saw when you seen a teen turn to a warrior. Did every Fourth of July, bustin' in the sky. It was important to a guy who was mob-minded. Future Murciélago driver 'til Lambos got average on me. I started likin' the look like I ain't had no money. Yellow taxi seats over Maybach seats. Just to remind me, just to inspire me. To stay focused, it's a real sick society. Just 'cause I got your support don't mean you're buyin' me. I'm buyin' back the land owned by the slave masters. Where my ancestors lived, just to say a rapper. Made a change, the pants-sagger put plans in action. To lay claim the Pan-African made it happenIf I had everything, everything. I could change anything. If I changed anything, I mean anything. I would change everything, oh yeahYo... Dunn you fam to me, and only family. That can get that close to me, keep it type strong. Blowing green that's keeping us going. Island hopping getting right on them 747 Boeings. Dunn you fam to me, and only family. That can get that close to me, keep it type strong. Blowing green that's keeping us going. Unconditional love showing. Yo, yo, yo, yo. 40th side, 41st side rideMe and my Dunns come from the slums. You can't take the slums out my Dunns. And that's how it is, that's how we live. Sometimes I find myself wearing the same shit for days. Not caring, bout what they gon' think or say. I got that, I don't give a fuck in me, it's stuck in me. That's how I 'vantage over y'all niggas, y'all too pretty. We too gritty, like Sanford and Son. Too grimy like Pigpen with jewels on. See we the top rap niggas, the Q-Dogs. You got a lot of nerve, putting out them songs. Knowing that my niggas come strong, so let's get it on. We just getting warm, operation Quiet Storm. Silent wars or we silence the fours. Hav, P, and Nas, got it in the smash, fo'sho. Now it's movies and soundtracks. This is where your career stop atAyo, I drink to that. I'm like a dictionary, y'all rappers exam me. You violate, they read your obituary in front your family. You should idolize Nas in the flesh. Don't wait 'til I'm dead, to say I was the best, no doubt. We shot hoops with coat hangers, got loot with dope slangers. Sold soap to strangers, joked with danger. Rob prostitutes, dodge cops in hot pursuit. Bought weight from rastas, travel hot routes. O.T. commute back and forth. Tell shorty get that package off. Fuck being trapped up North, being told where to eat and shit. Caught a case then I beat the shit. D's on the block flash badges, nylon jackets. Big white boys with guns yelling, Freeze black kids!. Got my niggas in the pen, eating octopus. Wishing they was on the blocks with us. To watch me and P do it (uh), put the heat to it (uh). Put it out, first day, the whole street knew it. Bitches, hold they pussies and bop to the music. And think deep to it, now who the truest?Yo... Dunn you fam to me, and only family. That can get that close to me, keep it type strong. Blowing green that's keeping us going. Island hopping getting right on them 747 Boeings. Dunn you fam to me, and only family. That can get that close to me, keep it type strong. Blowing green that's keeping us going. Unconditional love showing. Yo.. yo you fam to me, and only family. That can get that close to me, keep it type strong. Blowing green that's keeping us going. Unconditional love showing. Yo you fam to me, and only fam to me. That can get that close to me, keep it type strongDirty fingernails, reaching in my pocket pulling knots out. I daydream of better days, in different ways. Out this lifestyle we live, iced-out with the big fifth. That's why the burnt leather lean to the left. Even though we gained cash on fish. I'm trapped on reason being we ain't all rich. And I'ma be that same nigga for the door. And I'ma still walk the same path, we soon clash. We get stacks, you do the math. We pound niggas out, walk away and laugh. Fresh from out the lab, P and Nastradamus, kid. Rap niggas shit they drawersYo they probably did. I aircondition y'all niggas, my prediction is you rewind this. Your highness, Q-Boro's finest. Click your Timbs three times, the wizard is Nas. Grant you a wish, you get rich while listening hard. To my thugs in the prison yard, bench-pressing 200 pounds and up. Feeling like you down on your luck. Raise up, I feel your pain, hit the law library. Appeal the game, all eyes on me. Restrained from, being looked at, it's uncivilized. We epitomize thug song, y'all niggas get mad. Jealous rappers is puss, ain't got no style. No heart and no look, shook. Get stole on, my niggas move right in the moonlight. Y'all niggas get done, I pee on them son, they a small issue. We too official, blue steel pistols. Teflon vests, it's no contest, we hit youDunn you fam to me, and only family. That can get that close to me, keep it type strong. Blowing green that's keeping us going. Unconditional love showing. Yo, yo, yo, yo. 40th side, 41st side rideYeah, youknahmsayin'. Not for nothing baby. Knahmsayin' wanna give a shout out to my peoples. YouknowhatImean, Yambo, Ill Will. Killa Black, my brother. It's never gonna be another, word up... Yeah, you know how we do dunn, word upYo Nas. I don't think they wanna fuck with this. Gangsta shit, fo' sho'. Danger, danger. Check it outIt's on, and once again I bring niggas the rough. Fuckin' with us, that get you motherfuckers touched. Hit in the darkest alleys, where the Super Sports rally. Beatin' up the block, leavin' these motherfuckers shot. They ain't ready for the Nakamici. I flip this shit like I'm Comaneci. Now dey a motherfuckin' see me. They try to breeze me, but I got niggas in New York. Comin' kama-kize, sparkin' this shit that keep me off the heezee. Game over, he with my man came over. To scoop me, blowin' dukey, in the black Range Rover. Nasir, tell these motherfuckers what we came for. Tell these niggas why we hereNuttin' but the New York to Texas connection. Nuttin' but some real shit, what y'all expected. Spaz out, some times dreamin', think I'm awoke. Harsh realities of life, hit me after I smoke. Money satisfy half of my mood, then there's a part of me. That's distant, quiet, the most dangerous side of me. I'm twisted like, Dr. Death, Kevorkian. Flip shit, white gun handle, made of porcelain. My, Houston niggas, come through for niggas. Scarface get a call and we shootin' niggas. Favor, for a favor, that's how we do business. Tryin' to make future figures, we two of the illest, what?You wet who I want wetted, I'll wet who you want wetted. Any nigga can get it (a favor for a favor). You wet who I want wetted, I'll wet who you want wetted. Any nigga can get it (a favor for a favor). You wet who I want wetted, I'll wet who you want wetted. Any nigga can get it (a favor for a favor). I'll wet who you want wetted, you wet who I want wetted. Any nigga can get itYou say you got a problem? Then tell a nigga where he at. So I can study his motions and peel his motherfuckin' cap. Where his brother go to school at? Find out some more information. Bout that bitch and hit a nigga right back. Cause when it come down to the come down;. I'ma pull the motherfuckin' plug on him. Walk up to his face and then gone. Set a example, send these hoes a little message:. They need to be more careful who they mess with, don't even stress it. Leaded, I pull these capers all the time. With the ugliest AK, I blow his motherfuckin' mind. Him and whoever standin' by, I'll tell these niggas, Let's go. And then we fin' to ride, and he fin' to die. He fin' to die, throwin' up his own blood. With a slug in his motherfuckin' mug. I do this outta love, cause your money ain't no good here. Just consider that as favor, until I need a favorYou wet who I want wetted, I'll wet who you want wetted. Any nigga can get it (a favor for a favor). You wet who I want wetted, I'll wet who you want wetted. Any nigga can get it (a favor for a favor). You wet who I want wetted, I'll wet who you want wetted. Any nigga can get it (a favor for a favor). I'll wet who you want wetted, you wet who I want wetted. Any nigga can get itA killer code, secret untold, how we bury beef with a rose. To his wake we send a wreath that explodes. Beneath us sleep with the Reaper, they sleep eyes closed. That's how real Brad Jordan keep it, to him I owe. Five fo-fo's ready, five masks, five machetes. Attack 'em like Freddy, then we toastin' over spaghetti. I share withcha drama, you share with mine. That's how we killin' two birds at the same time. Send my enemy's ear, I'll send your enemy's finger. With a pinkie ring, that's just a present my nigga. Either way the heat is grave, fuck with 'Face we bring war. Either, you feel these bullets or the Texas chainsaw. Not for popularity reasons, but for the love of the art. And you my heart, I leave casualties bleedin'. Cause we keep it death for a death, life for a life. Murder for a murder, and I got you it's vice versaYou wet who I want wetted, I'll wet who you want wetted. Any nigga can get it (a favor for a favor). You wet who I want wetted, I'll wet who you want wetted. Any nigga can get it (a favor for a favor). You wet who I want wetted, I'll wet who you want wetted. Any nigga can get it (a favor for a favor). I'll wet who you want wetted, you wet who I want wetted. Any nigga can get itA favor for a favor. A favor for a favor. A favor for a favorYeah... I want all my niggas to come journey with me. My name is Nas, and the year is 1973. Beginning of me, therefore, I could see. Through my belly button window, who I am...I existed in a womb, just like an abyss. Came from behind the sun, my hands balled in a fist. Punching on my moms stomach, kicking on her cervix. Twitching 'cause I'm nervous, though my intended purpose. Was to be born to reign, not in scorn or vain. But to take on a name, my pops chose for me. Bloodstream full of indo, developing eyes. Nine-months process, infant size. A prophet in his early stages, mother in her early thirties. Was married to pops, wishing what she carried would drop. I'm not worthy to come from a woman so pure, Ann Jones. Flesh of her flesh, blood of her blood, her blood and bones. Hearing prayers, she asking for my good health. That I'd become a man and learn to make a way for myself. Nervous she was, and her paranoia got in my blood. Mixed with marijuana from my daddy's genes. Lot of screams I'm hearing, it's crazy, both parents is scrapping. I'm not even a baby, a miscarriage could happenI shot my way out my mom dukes. I shot my way out my mom dukes. I shot my way out my mom dukes. I shot my way out my mom dukesYo, they must wanna keep me, 'cause four months pass, I'm still alive. Guess I got what you call an Ill Will to survive. When I look hard, the lights is killing my eyes. I know when moms layin down, I get bored, start to get live. Move side to side, hear loud music and vibe. All black babies are born with rhythm, that's no lie. Solar energize, mineralize food flowing through my mother's tube. I'm covered in this thick layer of goo. Month two was the least most comfortable. My umbilical cord choking me, but month three was closer, see. That's when pops took moms to see the doc at the clinic. But I was saved, he changed his mind in the last minute. Watching 'em yell, heard my moms voice well. Feared fist fights, so terrified when we fell. While they broke up furniture and smashed plates on the wall. I wondered, If I am born, will I be safe at all?. This place they call the world though my view was so large. Couldn't wait to get up, grow up and take charge. Month five, month six went by, hoping I'm born in July. But the Lord already figured out a date and time. September 14th, 73. Get ready, world, doctor's in the front waiting for me. Arms open 'cause they know when I drop, a lot of shit's gon' stop. See how the government start retraining cops. Month nine, I'm a week overdue, the labor induced. Pops told my moms to push and take deep breaths too. Said Stay calm, holding her arm, I'm trying to hold on. Surgical gloves touching my scalp, my head pops out. Everything is blurry, my first breath screams out. Tears pouring down my pops face, he's so proud. Wanting to hold me, but I was so bloody. They washed me off and he say, At least that nigga ain't ugly. Placed me in his arms snugly, laid me on my mother. Finally, I got to see who held me in her body, she loved me. And yo, I plan to overthrow the Devil. And y'all bout to see this world in trouble, motherfuckers. . {*Doctor slaps the baby; the baby screams*}Amazing man, got a letter from an Asian fan. He asked, was I black, was I gon' play Japan soon?. Wrote back, Yes danced in the shower, got dressed. Old school, powdered my neck. I give, but I'm selfish. Tattoo of my chick lips on my pelvis. Well it's the pubic part, excuse me y'all. I think that I became musical. Way before rap I did wanna be the tap dance kid. On Broadway, 42nd Street, legendary. Three-card Molly, Nasir drives a Harley now. FYI, for your info. Insects splattered on the bike window. Tatted innuendo. Just last night, don't know where it came from. Guess it's from a past life. Am I charismatic enough?. Does my charm reach people that could make a change?. If I shoot with straight aim at the positive target. And swooed 'em to make a deposit into my account. Would that be progress?. I doubtSomething is fishy, something is bothering me. I just can't figure it out. Something right under my tongue, I can't speak it. Can't spell it, yo it's bugging me out. Somebody doin' something wrong to somebody I know. Somehow it's related to me and now I'm frustrated. Cause now I'm focusing too hard. On something that's just too plain to seeSavoir faire yeah radiate, conscience clear. About to have a monstrous year. Live in the spot, yeah, err night, deep. Ladies, get ya harder than termite teeth. C'est la vie, I'm engaged. But the crew came to play, they fly free, check me. And they wrist is froze, like toes on a body in the morgue. That was put there by the squad. Look here, I'm the God on the mic on the track. Like Arthur Ashe with a tennis rack, tell the DJ, spin it back. {*beat reverses*}. Yeah, somethin' like that. Uh, it go. Savoir-faire yeah, radiate, conscience clear. About to have a monstrous year. Live in the spot, yeah, err night, deep. Ladies, get ya harder than termite teeth. C'est la vie, I'm engaged. But the crew came to play, they fly free, check me. And they wrist is froze, like toes on a body in the morgue. They were all put there by the squad. Look here, I'm the god on the mic on the track. Like Arthur Ash on the tennis rack, tell the, nah. Everything I be in. Creme de la creme from the linen to the gold front rim. Cold stuntin'. Take a look around, what you found?. Like Master Ace, tell me the world's a faster place. High school students will slash your face. And these white nigga hoods, I'm talkin'. Computer rage is real. Get excited when I'm walkin'. Cause I'm used to dark shades and a limousine tint. Business managers scare me half to death. When they tell me every month what is (?) being spentSomething is fishy, something is bothering me. I just can't figure it out. Something right under my tongue, I can't speak it. Can't spell it, yo it's bugging me out. Somebody doin' something wrong to somebody I know. Somehow it's related to me and now I'm frustrated. Cause now I'm focusing too hard. On something that's just too plain to seeI don't like when my girl try to pull a MC Lyte. Jumped out the whip, through the train. Leave me like D Nice. They say we used to resemble each other. Both last name Jones so we must be brothers. My yearly salary suffers. Cause I hate work, no play make Jack lame. And I rock parts on my head that are hotter than yours. Hot rosado lines, designs your barber can't draw. Posters of Nas on the barbershop doors. Entourage, security galore. When was the last time you rode by yourself, superstar?. Got so much love I shot Cupid in the heart. I'm awakened by my own screams. Lucifer masturbated in my dreams. It means somebody is gonna get fucked in the worst way. And none of y'all hoes touchin' my wordplay. Janitors and men with eighty mil both feel the same grief. The men at work, blue collars of the old men. Shinin' shoes, shoe polish go through the same dramas. They wish for a better tomorrow. I thought only five percenters are conspiracy theorists. Thinkin' what the new world order thing is. But everybody does. The fear of the planet is contaminatin everybody's blood. Triliteral, Democratic parties. Anglo-American military alliance. Study at Oxford, scholars, they watchin'. NASDAQ, Dow Jones, got the world stocks in a shamble. Procter and Gamble. Toxins demand you understand who plans to jam you. Some random thoughts by the candlelight in Paris. As I struggle to be savvySomething is fishy, something is bothering me. I just can't figure it out. Something right under my tongue, I can't speak it. Can't spell it, yo it's bugging me out. Somebody doin' something wrong to somebody I know. Somehow it's related to me and now I'm frustrated. Cause now I'm focusing too hard. On something that's just too plain to seeUhh, Lord, Lord, Jah. What I'm gon' do?. Uhh, schhh, Lord, Lord, Jah. Hahaha, shit is all trueMmm, fried chicken, fly vixen. Give me heart disease but need you in my kitchen. You a bird but you ain't a ki'. Got wings but you can't fly away from me. Driving in your bucket seats, all the way from Kentucky to fuck with me. Look what you done to me, was number one to me. After you shower, you and your gold medal flour. Then you rub your hot oil for about a half an hour. You in your hot tub, I'm looking at you salivating. Dry you off, I got your paper towel waiting. Lay you down cause you're red hot. Louisiana style you make my head rot. Then I flock to the bed then plop, when we done, I need rest. Don't know what part of you I love best. Your legs or your breast. Mrs. Fried Chicken, you gon' be a nigga death. Created by southern black women to serve massa' guest. You gon' be a nigga death. Mrs. Fried Chicken, you was my addiction. Dripping with high cholest-. Like Greeks with his falafel, Italian with his tomato pasta. What roti is to a rasta. Trapping me, you and your friend mac' and cheese. Candy yams, collard greens but you knocking me to my knees. It's killing me when I'm inside, nothing I need more than a fish fryShit, it taste good, I can't lie. It's like you're walking out the tanning salon. When I pull you out the oven from baking, I got you on my mind. Rubbing that sun tan lotion all up over your body. So amazing how you sparkle when I glaze you swine. Hey, my pretty ham hock. It's so feminine the way you submitted and how you gave me power. To massaging me to shower you with lemon water. Marinate you with seasoning and dipping you in chowder. Baby it's like you at the spa the way you gently lay in the pan. While enjoying your butter milk treatment. I sit and watch the grease sizzle bubbling on your skin. Despite the funny fragrance, still I lick my finger frequent. In any event, I'm reflecting on all the signs. That I got saying that I shouldn't fuck with you. But the way you that you would taste made you hard to resist. When I put my mouth on you but that's another issue. Butterflies up in my stomach, when I laid eyes on you. Or was it infection manifesting?. Confused over the feeling, impatiently eating you. Trichina worm chewing on the wall of my intestine. I'm a eat you 'til there's nothing left. Until my very last breath, you gon' be a nigga death. Despite I prepare it the best. And specialize in cooking swine as a chef, you gon' be a nigga death. Who cares if the swine's mixed with rat, cat and dog combined?. Yes, I'ma eat the shit to deathAin't that some shit?. I'ma eat some shit until what I'm eating kills me. And I choose to do that, why?. Cause that's just what niggas do, hahahahahaGet, get, get down!Uh.. uh.. uh... New York streets where killers'll walk like Pistol Pete. And Pappy Mason, gave the young boys admiration. Prince from Queens and Fritz from Harlem. Street legends, the drugs kept the hood from starvin'. Pushin' cars, Nicky Barnes was the '70s. But there's a long list of high-profile celebrities. Worldwide on the thorough side of things. Livest kings, some died, one guy, one time. One day grabs me, as I'm about to blast heat. 40-side of Vernon, I turned while he asked me. What you up to? The cops gon' bust you.. I was a teen drunk off brew. Stumbled I wondered if God sent him. 'Cause two squad cars entered the block. And looked at us; I ain't flinch when they watched. I took it upstairs, the bathroom mirror, brushed my hair. Starin' at a young disciple. I almost gave my life to what the dice do. Yeah man, throwin' them bones. Hopin' my ace get his case thrown. His girl ain't wait for him, she in the world straight hoein'. While he lookin' at centerfolds of pretty girls showin'. They little cooch; gangstas don't die, he's living proof. The D.A. who tried him was lyin'. A white dude, killed his mother during the case. Hung jury, now the D.A. is being replaced. Pre-trial hearing is over, it's real for the soldier. Walks in the courtroom, the look in his eyes is wild. Triple-homicide, I sit in the back aisle. I wanna crack a smile when I see him. Throw up a fist for Black Power, 'cause all we want is his freedom. He grabbed a court officer's gun and started squeezin'. Then he grabbed the judge, screams out, Nobody leavin'. Everybody—Get down, get down! Get down, get down!. Get, get, get, get, get, get, get down!. Everybody. Get down, get down! Get down, get down!. Get, get, get, get, get, get, get down!Some niggas fuck their enemies in their ass when they catch 'em. Weird-ass niggas who dangerous so don't test 'em. They make you disappear, this a year that I won't forget. Sold CD's double platinum, met mo' execs. Southern niggas, independent label, real killers. Know the business, ran Tennessee for years, now they chillin'. They had the coke game somethin' crazy. Sold music out the trunk of their car, that shit amazed me. Put me onto her-on blunts, sherm or somethin'. Took a puff, what the fuck? I turned to punch him. Southern niggas ain't slow, nigga tried to play me. I left from around them dudes, they cool but they crazy. Now I'm back around the old school that raised me. New York gangsters, we loungin', out in L.A. see. A dude wrote my dog from Pelican Bay. The letter say, Nas, I got your back, the fools don't play.. I rolled with some Crips down to a Crenshaw funeral. Never saw so many men slaughtered and I knew the ho. Responsible; the nigga still alive in a hospital. Midnight they crept in his room and shot the doctor too. See, my cousin's in the game, thuggin' and thangs. He plugged me with a dame who was half-Mexicano. Gave the ass up, I'm a mack daddy Soprano. She passed me the indigo, but the imbecile. Shoulda never tippy-toed, thought my eyes were closed. Openin' the hotel room door to let her goons in. But I moved in a manner on some Jet Li shit. I let the hammers blow, wet three kids. See honey thought I had somethin' to do with all the drama. 'Cause I was with a crew that had her people killed. Called up my cousin, told him I ain't fuckin' with you. He responded cool, but told me out here this how motherfuckers—Get down, get down! Get down, get down!. Get, get, get, get, get, get, get down!. Everybody. Get down, get down! Get down, get down!. Get, get, get, get, get, get, get down!All I really gotta say is that. If that's how our people gon' get down, how we ever gon' get up?. How we ever gon' get up if that's how we get down?. A shame when you really look at it. My folk against your folk, but we all kinfolk. Somebody got to make a changePicture us married, you and me, what?. K-I-S-S-I-N-G. I remember the first time, girl you and me . . .This ain't no sucka-for-love shit. This ain't no Huxtable-kisses-and-hug shit. First night we fuck, shit, and don't call the next day. This a thug's wedding day, in love. Will we make it? Let us pray. In the limo my niggas, my father, my brothers. Everybody in tuxes gettin' blunted. Hard bottles, mob costumes this ain't no act though. Factual, the pimp shall scoop no more. Yes I'm absolutely sure. I know that she love me, I know that she faithful. We spoke on a prenumptial agreement. Cuz Will and Jada ain't need it. Spoke on eloping, but then I deaded the thought. Cuz she deserves cinderella's ball and the whole shit. But know this. You fuckin' wit' a slit your throat quick. Vehicular explosion, cigar smokin', dark minded, chart climbin. Well spokin say farewell to broke men or rich ones. Throw them phone numbers away cuz this is it hun. Headed to the chapel, my niggas laughin, and its baffling. Cuz just a year ago, it's weird though, I knew I'd get married. To who I knew not. Thought of snatchin Halle up from the dredlock. Pumpin Sade, my head nod. Finally I met the perfect bitch, pardon my French. Rephrase that, someone who make my heart stop. Couldn't wait to blaze that. Tired of hoppin' from honey to honey, HIV spreadin'. Everybody bump the same bunnies. The game, will put niggas in they grave. Right before they part ways, with the street. I want a son to greet, every mornin'. Daughters and more sons tickle my feet. Wife smilin, tellin me it's time to eat. I'm getting marriedIt was my dream for my queen to put the ring on and ride. Even Martin Luther King had a fling on the side. That's what the negative one's say. Knew my wedding would be one day, but quickly its this day. I know the hoes gonna miss me. Lookin' at ol' photos, sayin' damn he used to twist me. Start chokin' up since I woke up. Bachelor party was crazy, tryin' hard just to sober up. Father saw me in a daze, nudged me wit' his left arm. Told me how him and moms went to city hall, dressed norm. Said she would love me in my Ozwald Boateng. Customized in London by guys who suitup kings. Girl, you get the rings young, you behave. Maxwell he gon' sing, invited Lauryn Hill and the gang. Baltimore, North Cacky, Mississippi. Family packed in, My nigga L is crazy tipsy. Spilled Pepsi on the cuflings, ginger ale got it out. Walked in the church, chest all big to thug it out. My girl walked in, glistenin', different stones. 'Bout to go from my fiance' to Mrs. Jones. That's a union that nobody could touch. I gotta be cool, wit ur crazy aunts and uncles. Cuz I love you much, cuz you put up wit' my shit. Court cases, baby mamas. I make a honest woman outta you yet. Everybody starin' at you, I'm at the alter standin. Heart poundin out my chest like a canon. I'm happy, One of my groomsmen, under the music, says don't do it. But they just jokes, some crew shit, they playin', I'm gleeful. I'm stayin I'm sayin vowels all true. Will you take music as your wedded wife? I DO. Sike, this ain't about music, y'all know who I'm talkin to. I'm getting marriedUhh. Regulate, nigga. Bravehearts, nigga. Live for this. Some of y'all don't live at all. Get yours, nigga. Get yours, baby. Uhh, yo. YoAs the night close down on the Earth like gray dark rings. Light of cities in the nights, destination for Kings. With big dreams, like Castro, overthrew Bautista. From Cuba, and pointed nukes toward the U.S. About to shoot us for revolution; that's how you gotta move. A lot of rules, some locked in solitude. Curse the day of they birth confused, who's to be praised?. The mighty dollar -- or almighty Allah. I'm like the farmer, plantin' words, people are seeds. My truth is the soil; help you grow like trees. May the children come in all colors, change like leaves. But hold before you one of those prophetic MCs. With blunted flows, seven hundred souls in me. Each channelin', from past to present times, heaven shines. Light on those, innocent to how the world grows. Some men become murderers, and some girls become hoes. And you accounted for, everything that you heard. Do not speak to fools; they scorn the wisdom of your words. My heart is wise, bloodshot eyes, the saga never dies. Ghetto prisoners rise rise riseGhetto prisoners rise rise rise. Ghetto prisoners rise rise rise. Ghetto prisoners rise rise rise. Ghetto prisoners..Yo we gotta be God's children, habitats in tall buildings. Rats crawl in filthy hallways, incinerators. Sinners who faithless, still there's hope, pray it's answered. Dreams turned real - what's a wicked nation?. One with blind men - not takin' charge of the situation. Empty arguments and real conversations needed. The world'll need it, to hear it. Evil tries to weaken my spirit - it's chronic herb. This hurt come from the honest word. I now try hardest to serve my maker, what I learned. Find it's way on the paper, so I could dictate it. Articulate it, luckily - I was put on one of the ships that made it. Through strong currents and winds that left the others stranded. To sink in the Atlantic. Satan jigs the planet, not to get too religious, but. Who decides when and if your life is finished?. If Christ is in this, for the sake of your name, oh Lord. May we break away from the chains abroadGhetto prisoners rise rise rise. Ghetto prisoners rise rise rise. Ghetto prisoners rise rise rise. Ghetto prisoners.. get up, wake up, rise. Ghetto prisoners rise rise rise. Ghetto prisoners rise rise rise. Ghetto prisoners rise rise rise. Ghetto prisoners..You wanna buy time? I'm the seller of minutes. I give you every second low-priced, if I sold lies; the truth is. Time waits for none of you, in fact. He can't wait for the date to snatch the ground right from under you. Small visions of better life if cheddar was right. Lurk in the mind, of young ones ahead of they time. Trapped in the slums, beggin' for nuttin' but takin'. Headed for nuttin' but the state pen, where they cousins be waitin'. Judges is not relatin' to pleas, guns bustin' where the kids play. Richochet off lamp poles and leave damp holes. In bystanders, get cancelled, D.O.A. Around the way where we from. Hope the future reduce the rate of those buried young. Life is every man's kingdom, a dyin' man's past. And a newborn's, first time to be here at last. And shouldn't have to grow up fast, and suffer our pain. Hustlin' harder than the generations here before he came. Goin' through the same bullshit as our fathers. Readin' history, but who's the authors?. For some the game is easy, for most of us the game is much harder. But never lose faith; through the years just get smarter. Ghetto prisoners.. ghetto prisoners..Ghetto prisoners rise rise rise. Ghetto prisoners rise rise rise. Ghetto prisoners rise rise rise. Ghetto prisoners.. get up, wake up, rise. Ghetto prisoners rise rise rise. Ghetto prisoners rise rise rise. Ghetto prisoners rise rise rise. Ghetto prisoners..Uhh... Uh.. speak without thinkin'... Speak without speakin'.. huh... Feel without reachin', uhh. That's what it's about. It's about that, inner, inner love, yaknahmean?God love us hood niggas (I know). 'Cause next to Jesus on the cross was the crook niggas (I know). And the killers, God love us good niggas (I know). 'Cause on the streets is the hood niggas, uhh. And I know he feel us, uhh. God love us hood niggas (I know). 'Cause he be with us in the prisons. And he takes time to listen, uhh. God love us hood niggas (I know). 'Cause next to Jesus on the cross was the crook niggas, uhh. But he forgive usHe who has ears, let him hear. And he who has sight, let him see. He who has life, let him be. See everything goes through change. Those who know don't talk. And those who talk don't know a thing. Men are born soft and turn tough. Dead lay a stiffened heart, I've been kissed by God. I've been hurt, I've been marked for death, almost ripped apart. By the beast but he missed his mark. Alone in the dark my thoughts had sparked up. When I saw my body on the floor, from above I watch it all. Yo it came to me, the pain in me. Many slain empty skulls where a brain should be. It strangely seemed, like it was a dream. But the si-rens had never woke me. Only reason I'm here now is 'cause God chose me. And to me, I'm only just a crook nigga. But God love us hood niggasGod love us hood niggas (I know). 'Cause next to Jesus on the cross was the crook niggas (I know). And the killers, God love us good niggas (I know). 'Cause on the streets is the hood niggas, uhh. And I know he feel us, uhh. God love us hood niggas (I know). 'Cause he be with us in the prisons. And he takes time to listen, uhh. God love us hood niggas (I know). 'Cause next to Jesus on the cross was the crook niggas, uhh. But he forgive usDay by day by day I sit back and pray. My thugs get packed away, in a maxi-cage. They pass away, they went off the casket way. My gats will spray, but that won't bring 'em back today. So long my crimes now gone for eternity. The team we got left on the set, now turn to me. Can't speak, tears in my eyes, revenge in my mind. I ride past the church where they got his body and find. They takin' him to the hearse to put his body in dirt. That's it, pay my respects, wipe my tears with my shirt. Now it's time to do work, out of love and retribution. As loyalty, he would die for me, no excuses. Loadin' clips up, countin' bullets carefully. For self, though it feels like, he was there for me. Saw the enemy, I ate him, saw Jakes behind me. They ain't knock me, it's obvious that God's watchin' meGod love us hood niggas (I know). 'Cause next to Jesus on the cross was the crook niggas (I know). And the killers, God love us good niggas (I know). 'Cause on the streets is the hood niggas, uhh. And I know he feel us, uhh. God love us hood niggas (I know). 'Cause he be with us in the prisons. And he takes time to listen, uhh. God love us hood niggas (I know). 'Cause next to Jesus on the cross was the crook niggas, uhh. But he forgive usJealousy in the hood, felonies in the hood. Thugs with guns become celebrities in the hood. Yo it's beef in the hood, smoke trees in the hood. Little girls have seeds by OGs in the hood. It's food in the hood, it's drugs in the hood. You can choose if you would, coke to sniff. Dope to ooze in your blood, parolees. Ex-cons live in the hood, it's jobs in the hood. You can starve in the hood. Your best friends'll fuck your baby moms in the hood. But it's good in the hood, I was raised in the hood. Was taught how to walk and duck strays in the hood. I stays in the hood, got my ways from the hood. Learned to play ball go to the NBA, in the hood. There's AIDS (uh), in the hood (WHAT?). Our lives are the worst, on top of that, we broke. That's the main reason why God, love us the mostGod love us hood niggas (I know). 'Cause next to Jesus on the cross was the crook niggas (I know). And the killers, God love us good niggas (I know). 'Cause on the streets is the hood niggas, uhh. And I know he feel us, uhh. God love us hood niggas (I know). 'Cause he be with us in the prisons. And he takes time to listen, uhh. God love us hood niggas (I know). 'Cause next to Jesus on the cross was the crook niggas, uhh. But he forgive us. God love us hood niggas (I know). 'Cause next to Jesus on the cross was the crook niggas (I know). And the killers, God love us good niggas (I know). 'Cause on the streets is the hood niggas, uhh. And I know he feel us, uhh. God love us hood niggas (I know). 'Cause he be with us in the prisons. And he takes time to listen, uhh. God love us hood niggas (I know). 'Cause next to Jesus on the cross was the crook niggas. But he forgive us, uhhWoke up this mornin' (yeah). You got yourself a gun (yeah, yeah, yeah). Got yourself a gunYo, I'm livin' in this time behind enemy lines. So, I got mine, I hope you (got yourself a gun). You from the hood, I hope you (got yourself a gun). You want beef, I hope you (got yourself a gun). And when I see you I'ma take what I want. So you tried to front, hope you (got yourself a gun). You ain't real, hope you (got yourself a gun)My first album had no famous guest appearances. The outcome: I'm crowned the best lyricist. Many years on this professional level. Why would you question who's better? The world is still mine. Tattoo's real, with God's Son across the belly, the boss of rap. You saw me in Belly with thoughts like that. To take it back to Africa, I did it with Biggie. Me and 2Pac were soldiers of the same struggle. You lames a huddle, your team's shook. Y'all feel the wrath of a killer, ‘cause this is my football field. Throwin' passes from a barrel, shoulder pads, apparel. But the QB don't stand for no quarterback. Every word is like a sawed-off blast 'cause y'all all soft. And I'm the black hearse that came to haul y'all ass in. It's for the hood by the corner store. Many try, many die, come at Nas if you want a war, get it bloody!Yo, I'm livin' in this time behind enemy lines. So, I got mine, I hope you (got yourself a gun). You from the hood, I hope you (got yourself a gun). You want beef, I hope you (got yourself a gun). And when I see you I'ma take what I want. So you tried to front, hope you (got yourself a gun). You ain't real, hope you (got yourself a gun)Yo, I'm the N, the A to the S-I-R. And if I wasn't, I must've been Escobar. You know the kid got his chipped tooth fixed. Hair parted with a, barber's preciseness. Bravehearted for life, it's. The return of the Golden Child, son of a blues player. So who are you, player? Y'all awaited the true savior. Puffin' that tropical, cups of that vodka, too. Papi chu', tore up, wake up in a hospital. Throw up? Never! 'Member I do this through righteous steps. You Judas thought I was gone, so in light of my death. Y'all been all happy-go-lucky, bunch of sambos. Call me God's Son with my pants low. I don't die slow, put them rags up like Petey Pablo. This is NASDAQ though, in my Nascar, with this Nas flow. What could beat that? Not a soul reppin'. Hit the record store, never let me go, get my whole collection, yoYo, I'm livin' in this time behind enemy lines. So, I got mine, I hope you (got yourself a gun). You from the hood, I hope you (got yourself a gun). You want beef, I hope you (got yourself a gun). And when I see you I'ma take what I want. So you tried to front, hope you (got yourself a gun). You ain't real, hope you (got yourself a gun)It's, the, return of the prince, the boss. This is real hardcore, Kid Rock and Limp Bizkit soft. Sip Cris', get chips, wrist glist' – I floss. Stick-shift look sick up in that Boxster Porsche. With the top cut off, rich kids go and cop The Source. They don't know about the blocks I'm on. And everybody wanna know where the kid go. Where he rest at, where he shop at and dress at. Know he got dough, where does he live? Is he still in the Bridge?. Does he really know how ill that he is?. Got all of y'all watchin' my moves, my watch and my jewels. Hop in my coupe, dodge interviews like that. It's not only my jewels, ice anything, plenty chains. Look at my tennis shoes, I iced that. Who am I? The back twister, lingerie ripper. Automatic leg-spreader, quicker brain-getter. Keepin' it gangsta with ya (uhh)Yo, I'm livin' in this time behind enemy lines. So, I got mine, I hope you (got yourself a gun). You from the hood, I hope you (got yourself a gun). You want beef, I hope you (got yourself a gun). And when I see you I'ma take what I want. So you tried to front, hope you (got yourself a gun). You ain't real, hope you (got yourself a gun)(Right… Right…). Check me out y'all. Nasty Nas in your area. About to cause mass hysteriaBefore a blunt, I take out my fronts. Then I start to front, matter of fact I be on a manhunt. You couldn't catch me in the streets without a ton of reefer. That's like Malcolm X catchin' the Jungle Fever. King poetic, too much flavor, I'm major. Atlanta ain't Brave-r, I'll pull a number like a pager. ‘Cause I'm an ace when I face the bass. 40-side is the place that is givin' me grace. Now wait, another dose and you might be dead. And I'm a Nike-head, I wear chains that excite the feds. And ain't a damn thing gonna change, I'm a performer, strange. So the mic warmer was born to gain. Nas, why did you do it?. You know you got the mad-phat fluid when you rhyme. It's halftime(Right…) It's halftime. (Right…) Ayo it's halftime. (Right…) It's halftime. (Right…) Yeah, it's about halftime. This is how it feel, check it out, how it feelIt's like that, you know it's like that. I got it hemmed, now you never get the mic back. When I attack, there ain't a army that could strike back. So I react never calmly on a hype track. I set it off with my own rhyme. ‘Cause I'm as ill as a convict who kills for phone time. I'm max like cassettes, I flex like sex. In your stereo sets, Nas'll catch wreck. I used to hustle, now all I do is relax and strive. When I was young I was a fan of the Jackson 5. I drop jewels, wear jewels, hope to never run it. With more kicks than a baby in a mother's stomach. Nasty Nas has to rise ‘cause I'm wise. This is exercise 'til the microphone dies. Back in '83 I was an MC sparkin'. But I was too scared to grab the mics in the parks and. Kick my little raps ‘cause I thought niggas wouldn't understand. And now in every jam I'm the fuckin' man. I rap in front of more niggas than in the slave ships. I used to watch CHiPs, now I load Glock clips. I got to have it, I miss Mr. Magic. Versatile, my style switches like a faggot. But not bisexual, I'm an intellectual. Of rap I'm a professional, and that's no question yo. These are the lyrics of the man, you can't near it, understand?. ‘Cause in the streets I'm well-known like the number man. Am I in place with the bass and format?. Explore rap and tell me, Nas ain't all that. And next time I rhyme, I be foul. Whenever I freestyle I see trial, niggas say I'm wild. I hate a rhyme-biter's rhyme. Stay tuned, I assume, the real rap comes at halftime(Right…) It's halftime. (Right…) Exhale, check it, it's halftime. (Right…) It's halftime. (Right…) It's real in the field. Word life, check itI got it goin' on, even flip a morning song. Every afternoon, I kick half the tune. And in the darkness I'm heartless like when the NARC's hit. Word to Marcus Garvey, I hardly sparked it. ‘Cause when I blast the herb, that's my word. I be slayin' them fast, doin' this that and the third. But chill, pass the Andre, and let's slay. I bag bitches up at John Jay and hit a matinee. Puttin' hits on 5-0. ‘Cause when it's my time to go, I wait for God with the .44. And biters can't come near. And yo, go to hell to the foul cop who shot Garcia. I won't plant seeds, don't need an extra mouth I can't feed. That's extra Phillie change, more cash for damp weed. This goes out to Manhattan, the island of Staten. Brooklyn and Queens is livin' fat and. The Boogie Down, enough props, enough clout. Ill Will, rest in peace, yo I'm out(Right…) It's still halftime. (Right…) To the Queensbridge crew. To the Queensbridge crew, you know it's halftime. (Right…) '92, it's halftime. (Right…) Yo police, police man, yo let's get ghost. Halftime…Escobar Season has returned. It's been a long time, been a long time comin'. It's life or death for me now. But you know, there's no turnin' back now. This is what makes me, this is what I am. Feel me? Let's goYou can hate me now, (Q.B.). But I won't stop now (Real niggas). 'Cause I can't stop now, (Bravehearts). You can hate me now (C'mon). But I won't stop now. 'Cause I can't stop now. You can hate me now. You can hate me nowDon't hate me, hate the money I see, clothes that I buy. Ice that I wear, flows that I try. Close your eyes, picture me rollin', Sixes, money foldin'. Bitches, honeys that swollen to riches, Nas get in ya. Most critically acclaimed Pulitzer Prize winner. Best storyteller, thug narrator, my style's greater. Model dater, big threat to a lot of you haters. Commentators ringside try watchin' my paper. Almost a decade, quite impressive. Most of the best is in the essence for this rap shit that I stand for. Expandin' more to the big screen, Bill Gates dreams. But it seems you'd rather see me in jail with state greens. Want me off the scene fast, but good things last. Like your favorite MC still makin' some mean cash. First rapper to bring a platinum plaque back to the projects. But you still wanna hate, be my guest, I suggestYou can hate me now, (I won't stop). But I won't stop now (I can't stop). 'Cause I can't stop now, (You can hate me). You can hate me now (I hate you too). But I won't stop now (You can hate me now). 'Cause I can't stop now (You can hate me now). You can hate me now. You can hate me nowYou wanna hate me, then hate me; what can I do. But keep gettin' money? Funny, I was just like you. I had to hustle hard, never give up, until I made it. Now y'all sayin': That's a clever nigga, nothin' to play with.. Hate on me, I blew but I'm the same OG. People warn me, when you're on top there's envy. Took my niggas out the hood, but you doubt on us. Sayin' we left the hood but can't get it out of us. My bad, should I step out my shoes, give 'em to you?. Here's my cars and my house, you can live in that too. Criticize when I flow for the streets, hate my dress code. Gucci this, Fendi that – what you expect, ho?. Nickname Esco, took this game to its threshold. Best flow, I bet the whole U.S. know. Try to make it like you the realest, but who the illest?. Think we all know the answer to that, 'cause niggas feel this, right?You can hate me now, (I won't stop). But I won't stop now (I can't stop). 'Cause I can't stop now, (You can hate me). You can hate me now (I hate you too). But I won't stop now (You can hate me now). 'Cause I can't stop now (You can hate me now). You can hate me now. You can hate me nowIt's a thin line between paper and hate. Friends and snakes, nine milli's and thirty-eights. Hell or the Pearly Gates; I was destined to come. Predicted, blame God, he blew breath in my lungs. Second to none, wicked turn wives to widows. Shoot through satin pillows, the desolate one. Took a little time to claim my spot. Chairman of the board until this game stop, and I side with the Lord. Ride for the cause while drivin' niggas shot at my doors. Plottin' I'm sure, to catch me with they Glocks to my jaws. Tried stickin' me up, but I flipped on these ducks. Instead of me, ambulances were pickin' them up. Niggas fear what they don't understand. Hate what they can't conquer, guess it's just the theory of man. Became a monster, on top of the world, never fallin'. I'm as real as they come, from day one, forever ballin', c'mon!You can hate me now, (I won't stop). But I won't stop now (I can't stop). 'Cause I can't stop now, (You can hate me). You can hate me now (I hate you too). But I won't stop now (You can hate me now). 'Cause I can't stop now (You can hate me now). You can hate me now. You can hate me nowYou can hate me now, (C'mon, niggas!). But I won't stop now (Do it now! Get this shit over with!). It ain't gon' never stop, niggas!If Heaven was a mile away. Would I pack up my bags and leave this world behind?. If Heaven was a mile away. Or save it all for you?. If Heaven was a mile away. Would I fill the tank up, put gas. And be out the front door in a (flash?). Before reconsidering this hell with you. It ain't you, it's the things you do (do). It's tearing my heart in two. I would've fell with you, to Hell with youIf Heaven was a mile away, and you could ride by the gates. Would you try to run inside when it opens. Would you try to die today?. Would you pray louder, finally believe in His power?. Even if you couldn't see Him, but you could feel Him. Would you still doubt Him?. How would you start actin'?. Would you try to put the keys down, thinkin' every drug sale that you make in the streets he can see now?. Would a fiend even want to get high? Would he stop smokin'. If he knew on his own two feet he could just stroll in?. To get away and escape from the craziness. And I bet you there's a Heaven for a atheist. It's hard takin' this, racist planet. Where they take a younger brother in a hand-cuff. Even if he innocent, Nigga, get on the car!. Put your motherfuckin' hands up!. Thinkin' I'ma lose it, my mom's in chemo. Three times a week yo, keep tryin', but people, it's hard. And God, your young soldier's not so bold but needs you. This world's my home, but world, I will leave youIf Heaven was a mile away. Would I pack up my bags and leave this world behind?. If Heaven was a mile away. Or save it all for you?. If Heaven was a mile away. Would I fill the tank up, put gas. And be out the front door in a (flash?). Before reconsidering this hell with you. It ain't you, it's the things you do (do). It's tearing my heart in two. I would've fell with you, to Hell with youNigga, what you think, I'ma stop building?. I'ma stop feelin' like I'm Amistad's great-great-grandchildren?. How I'm not gonna want to make millions. Since the quarter water days, in the hallways. Makin' fake gold caps. With the Reese's Pieces wrapper in my mouth all day. But then my style has quite a while. That same type as Ill and Al Skratch. Game time took 'em cats, never looked back. Cristal, blowin' dub sacks. That's when it all just hit me: you see, the broads and Bentleys. Is nothin' unless my niggas spend it all with me. I'd give it all away quickly. Just to hear them all about some new kicks. Free of any autographs, and not to be recognized, forgive me. It's becomin' unbearable, makin' hits is easy. Put a famous bitch on a hook, there you go with a platinum CD. I know you heard the noise, preachers touchin' on alter boys. Sodomizin', not realizin' God is watchin', before the Lord. How could they do the Devil's work?. A man give another man head in Church. Hell, it hurts just to fathom the thought, wishin' that I fled the EarthIf Heaven was a mile away. Would I pack up my bags and leave this world behind?. If Heaven was a mile away. Or save it all for you?. If Heaven was a mile away. Would I fill the tank up, put gas. And be out the front door in a (flash?). Before reconsidering this hell with you. It ain't you, it's the things you do (do). It's tearing my heart in two. I would've fell with you, to Hell with youYou trapped in your own hell. Every day I wake up I'm blessed. Every day you wake up and breathe another breath, you blessed. To all them niggas runnin' around. Talkin' about, I'm fucked up, I got to get on, I got to…. I'm in the grind, I'm fucked up. Yeah, we all in the grind. But look at the beautiful shit around you, it's a beautiful life. All my niggas locked up, keep ya heads up. Heaven's just a mile away. I'm talkin' Heaven on Earth, ain't got nothin' to do with money. Got nothin' to do with nothin' material. I'm talkin' about Heaven in your own heart. In your own world, baby, in your own existence. To my moms, look at me, baby. I love you, girl, your boy's shinin', God's son...QB… where the fuck y'all at?. Ha... YEAH, let's go. GETS MONEY!Chain gleamin', switchin' lanes, two-seater. Hate him or love him for the same reason (fresh). Can't leave it, the game needs him. Plus the people need someone to believe in (yes). So in God's Son we trust. 'Cause they know I'ma give 'em what they want. They lookin' for a (hero). I guess that makes me a (hero)Another chapter of the cleanest rapper, distinguished gentlemen. Crooks & Castle on his back, Maybacher. Exotic lady eye-catcher, holla at ya, call me the chiropractor. Workin' like Muay Thai class, get perspire out ya. And of course I've been the boss since back when. Rockin' D Boy, Fila velour in one-ninety black Benz. Now they shut down the stores when I'm shoppin'. Used to be train robbin', face covered in stockin'—I'm himChain gleamin', switchin' lanes, two-seater. Hate him or love him for the same reason (fresh). Can't leave it, the game needs him. Plus the people need someone to believe in (yes). So in God's Son we trust. 'Cause they know I'ma give 'em what they want. They lookin' for a (hero). I guess that makes me a (hero)Rubber-grip-holder, reloader. Come at me, I'ma rip your soldiers in half. Silverback ape, nickel-plated mag. Young, rich and flashy; young bitch, I'm nasty. All black clothes 'til ice lay on me so classy. And every time I close my lids. I can still see the borough, I can still see the Bridge. I can still see the dreams that my niggas ain't never lived to see. Tell them angels open the door for me. From nine Berettas and movin' raw. To chillin' in wine cellars, sticks and humidors. That's what I call mature. That's what I call a G, that's what I call a pimp. That's what I call a gangsta, to the fullest, shit. I try to make more cream. By every September 14th, that's my dream. So I can be more clean, as I grow yearly. I can see things more clearly, that's why they fear me (let's go!)Chain gleamin', switchin' lanes, two-seater. Hate him or love him for the same reason (fresh). Can't leave it, the game needs him. Plus the people need someone to believe in (yes). So in God's Son we trust. 'Cause they know I'ma give 'em what they want. They lookin' for a (hero). I guess that makes me a (hero)This universal apartheid, I'm hog-tied, the corporate side. Blockin' y'all from goin' to stores and buyin' it. First L.A. and Doug Morris was ridin' with it. But Newsweek article startled big wigs. They said Nas, why is he tryin' it?. My lawyers only see the Billboard charts as winnin'. Forgettin' Nas the only true rebel since the beginnin'. Still in musical prison, in jail for the flow. Try tellin' Bob Dylan, Bruce or Billy Joel. They can't sing what's in their soul. So Untitled it is. I never change nothin', but people remember this. If Nas can't say it, think about these talented kids. With new ideas bein' told what they can and can't spit. I can't sit and watch it, so shit, I'ma drop it. Like it or not, you ain't gotta cop it. I'm a hustler in the studio, cups of Don Julio. No matter what the CD called, I'm unbeatable y'all, let's go!Yeah, Nas, Polow da DonThe phone rings. Another peaceful moment is lost. Latifah's chest jingle in Set It Off. I press pause in the bed as a king. I let it ring 4 or 5 times. Answer while I'm puffin' my green. It's Tamika sayin', Hi Nas. I caught a flashback of her askin' me was I asthmatic 'fore I tapped that. She offered me dinner under the moon. I said, Sorry I made plans at Ray's Boom-Boom Room. Nine push-ups, strength's gone at the tenth one so why hook up. The pimp's gone off the Patron Tequila. Put on my Lee's and the original Filas. Sedated from L's, 380 cocked, naked ladies laid up in tels. Like Whodini I chose, gazelles don't lean on my nose. Drivin' by the clubs gleamin' and go. Heads turn it's a freak show. I need them to know, when will they learn. Nas need a queen not a ho to. Point out my enemies, a girl who's into me. But not a hype chick, someone with proper energy. Someone who's into me but won't fuck with my enemies. And you can sing along 'cause I'm feelin' ya energyHey Nas, how ya doin'?. Take my name, and my number. Meanwhile, we'll be groovin'. But let's take, it, slowOne for the honies who roll blunts up but don't smoke. Two for the few who see potential in you when you broke. Three for the G they got, they game is hot I give it to you. Double life wife, play with the man that's livin' with you. Here's the issue, a woman gotta be stunnin'. Get to a man's heart through his stomach. You gotta be skilled in the culinary arts. Know a brother stay mad hungry when he spark. Hit the museum, maybe Central Park, you mentally smart. Picture we in Tiffany, you becomin' my counterpart. If I want Chinese then you buy me a wok. If you want barbecue I call Professor and Ak. 'Cause you point out my enemies, someone who's into me. But not a hyper chick- someone with the proper energy. A girl that's into me who won't fuck all my enemies. And you could be the one 'cause I'm lovin' ya energyHey Nas, how ya doin'?. Take my name, and my number. Meanwhile, we'll be groovin'. But let's take, it, slowSlow is the way. Holdin' hands, tongue and hickeys. Hope and I pray where I run at you run away with me. That's if my gun get busy we gotta get outta there. Hear sirens jump in the stick drop a Sedan and hide for years. Like no one else in the world did this except for us two. You gotta trust me, I gotta trust you. If coppers bust me it's me you rescue, this to the death boo. You rep me respectfully that's how I rep for you. Retired from pimpin', perspire is drenchin'. As we suck and fuck each other's minds out commission. Time's out forbidden. Until we pass out, that's when we stop. We give it all we got, give it all we got- we hot. Give it all we got, give it all we got- we rock. Give it all we got, give it all we got. You 'bout the baddest thing. Since Michael had Billie Jean. And Prince gave you diamond's and pearls. But to be my queen you must.... Point out my enemies, a girl who's into me. But not a hype chick, someone with proper energy. Someone who's into me who won't fuck all my enemies. And you can be the one 'cause I'm feelin' ya energyHey Nas, how ya doin'?. Take my name, and my number. Meanwhile, we'll be groovin'. But let's take, it, slowI can be, what you said. That you need, I can be, all that. I can be, I can have your back, baby. I can be, what you said. That you need, I can be, all that. I can be, I can have your back, babyHip hop, hip hop (Ugh!) is dead. (Had to flip this track again, y'all!). Hip, hip hop, hip hop (Ugh!) is dead. Hip, hip hop (Ugh!). Hip, hip hop is dead (NYC! Dirty South!). Hip, hip hop (West Coast!). Hip hop (Midwest!). Hip hop (Let's go!)Yeah, niggas smoke, chill, party and die in the same corner. Get cash, live fast, body their man's mama. Quick fast, trigger fingers on the llama. Revenge in their eyes, Hennessy and the ganja. Word to the wise with villain state of minds. Grindin', hittin' Brazilian dimes from behind. Grindin', hittin' Brazilian dimes from behind. (Grindin', hittin' Brazilian dimes from behind). Whenever, if ever, I roll up, it's sown up. Any ghetto will tell ya, Nas helped grow us up. My face once graced promotional Sony trucks. Hundred million and billin', I helped blow 'em up. Gave my man my right, I could have went left. So like my girl Foxy, the kid went deaf. So people, who's your top 10? Is it MC Shan? Is it MC Ren?The bigger the cap, the bigger the peelin'. Come through, something ill, missing the ceilin'. What influenced my raps? Stick-ups and killings. Kidnappings, project buildings, drug dealings. Criticize that, why's that?. ‘Cause Nas rap is compared to legitimized crap. ‘Cause we love to talk on nasty chickens. Most intellectuals will only half listen. So you can't blame jazz musicians. Or David Stern with his NBA fashion issues. Oh, I think they like me, in my white tee. You can't ice me, we here for life, B. On my second marriage, hip hop's my first wifey. And for that, we not taking it lightly. If hip hop should die, we die together. Bodies in the morgue lie together, all together nowEverybody sound the same, commercialize the game. Reminiscing when it wasn't all business. It forgot where it started. So we all gather here for the dearly departed. Hip-hopper since a toddler. One homeboy became a man, then a mobster. If it dies, let me get my last swig of vodka. RIP, we'll donate your lungs to a rasta. Went from turntables to MP3's. From Beat Streetto commercials on Mickey D's. From gold cables to Jacobs. From plain facials to Botox and face lifts. I'm looking over my shoulder. It's about 80 people from my hood that showed up. And they came to show love. Sold out concert and the doors are closed shutHip Hop. It will never die. Hip Hop. It will never, never dieGhetto nigga strutting, with nothing but dreams in Queens broke. Mac-10s, you can smell the PCP smoke. Melle Mel told it real, in the music he wrote. Those were the days I remember, we used to be close. Then I was nine, coldest winter I remember. Was slipping in December, two feet of snow. Yeah, that's the East Coast, that black ice. Symbolize the rap life, it was slick and smooth. I understood I had to come from the hood. Doing the Pee Wee Herman, the Smurf. Before them phones chirped. The block's drugs flowing, didn't have your own work. You had to have somebody else's, a small chrome on your pelvis. Starter jacket, Blue Georgetown or Green Celtic. Your girl's too expensive, she want shellfish. Red Lobster was popping, standing on that line forever. I wish someone would step on my Bally leathers. Now it's whatever. Hip Hop's forever. . Kept my radio on 98 or BLS. Had a pre-pubescent lyric gift, but niggas never hear me spit. My little brother tried to warn them, I was a tornado coming. He knew from the inside like the eye of a storm, and told my pops about it. He gave us tickets to that Wild Style flick. Double Trouble retarded, we was the proudest. I never had a summer job. Sweeping leaves, socks to my knees. Home-made shorts, cut off Lee's. I ain't work a day in my life. Wiping away eraser off the paper, man. I'm just trying to say it right. Big radio, tape's slowing down. Lower the lights go, battery dead. I got to freeze them 'till they're ice cold. In the freezer later, I'm staring at the speaker. Sunk in them 808s deeper, cleaning my sneakers. With the bristles of a toothbrush, soap and water. I let the shoestrings soak in water(Live Hip Hop, Live) Ain't got nothing to do with Old School. (Live Hip Hop, Live) New School, Dirty South. (Give Hip Hop, Give) West Coast, East Coast, this about us. (Give Hip Hop, Give) This our thing, you know what I'm saying. (Stay Hip Hop, Stay) This came from the gut, from the blood. (Stay Hip Hop, Stay) From the soul, right here, man. (I Pray Hip Hop, Pray) This is our thing, man. (I Pray Hip Hop, Stays) You know? so I say what I say. . (Live Hip Hop, Live) And I say what I say, and I mean it. (Live Hip Hop, Live) Y'all take it how you want to take it. (Give Hip Hop, Give) Because if you asking: Why is Hip Hop dead?. (Give Hip Hop, Give) It's a pretty good chance, you the reason it died, man. (Stay Hip Hop, Stay) It's a pretty good, chance your lame ass, corny ass. (Stay Hip Hop, Stay) Is the reason it died, man. (I Pray Hip Hop, Pray) You don't give a fuck about it, you don't know nothing about it. (I Pray Hip Hop, Stays) You want this paper, be a hustler. . (Live Hip Hop, Live) You a hustler, you ain't a rapper, get your paper man. (Live Hip Hop, Live) You know what I'm saying, but this rap shit is real. (Give Hip Hop, Give) Bitch, this shit is real: bitch. (Give Hip Hop, Give) *laughs*. (Stay Hip Hop, Stay). (Live). (Stay Hip Hop, Stay). (Live). (I Pray Hip Hop, Pray). (Give). (I Pray Hip Hop, Stays). . (Live Hip Hop, Live). (Stay). (Live Hip Hop, Live). (Give Hip Hop, Give). (Give Hip Hop, Give). (Stay Hip Hop, Stay). (Stay Hip Hop, Stay). (I Pray Hip Hop, Pray). (I Pray Hip Hop, Stays)Dre, he a Compton-Compton OG. Nas, he a QB-QB true G. Do the historyWay before The Firm, like back in the day. Nas was the first New York nigga rappin' with Dre. So of course I got a track to bring it back to your face. The one kid that would've been Aftermath that got away. But we still get together, like, every several years. To sprinkle a little bit of Heaven for your ears. Relax, sippin' Cliquot in Rio, stupid fuckers. Low-key, no G's, but it's still Gucci luggage. I love Cape Cod, and watching fly bitches with gray eyes. Wrestle in a tub of KY to get my day by. I like to celebrate, why? ‘Cause I can vision. Collages and images of my lies with no regret to hate. So every breath I take is all about the rules. It's hard for you to breathe, like you at high altitude. So crack the Patron, it's on heathens. The God's back, hard body, Mr. Jones never leavin'He a Compton-Compton OG. (Mix that with a QB-QB true G, what you got's). A concoction of some different ghetto blocks. (West Coast kill the tracks, East Coast gunshots)1995, eleven years from today. I'm in the record shop with choices to make. Illmatic on the top shelf, The Chronic on the left, homie. Wanna cop both but only got a 20 on me. So fuck it, I stole both, spent the 20 on a dub sack. Ripped the package off Illmatic and bumped that. For my niggas it was too complex when Nas rhymed. I was the only Compton nigga with a New York State of Mind. Inside the dope house, bottlin' up sherm. Bangin' The Firm, Dre was king then so I waited my turn. Fast forward, now I'm making 'em burn. Ended my peers' careers. Hollered at Nas, a hard lesson was learned. So I reconciled my differences like he did with Jigga. I stopped beefin' with niggas, ‘cause I'm Ether to niggas. Comb the earth 'til there's no one left. If I ruled the world I summons all you weak rap niggas to deathHe a Compton-Compton OG. (Mix that with a QB-QB true G, what you got's). A concoction of some different ghetto blocks. (West Coast kill the tracks, East Coast gunshots)Yo, the Jordans sportin', come off the dice game. With a fortune walkin', you a walking coffin'. The musket, I tucked it, you bluff it, I bust it. You're sideways talking, so I lay often. I wait patient, to duct tape hatin'. Fuck ass niggas, get bucked ass niggas. Pluck ashes of Cuban cigars, you foolin' with Nas. That's my name and I came with Rugers this time. And if I'm sane that Soul Plane movie's the bomb. Word to my mom's name tattooed to my arm. You can't revolve me, embalm me, calm me or harm me. Rob me or dodge these bullets I'm busting. See that's malarky you yappin'. I open up the tripod to put the gatling on, and I start clappin'. Nasty man, from bagging grams and runnin' from cops. To a mil on the hand, a mil on the watch, I'm fuckin' with DocBe, b-boys and girls, listen up. You can be anything in the world, in God we trust. An architect, doctor, maybe an actress. But nothing comes easy, it takes much practice. Like, I met a woman who's becoming a star. She was very beautiful, leaving people in awe. Singing songs, Lena Horne, but the younger version. Hung with the wrong person, got her strung on that heroin. Cocaine, sniffing up drugs, all in her nose. Could've died, so young, now looks ugly and old. No fun 'cause when she reaches for hugs, people hold their breath. 'Cause she smells of corrosion and death. Watch the company you keep and the crowd you bring. 'Cause they came to do drugs and you came to sing. So if you gonna be the best, I'ma tell you how. Put your hands in the air, and take the vowI know I can (I know I can!). Be what I wanna be (be what I wanna be!). If I work hard at it (If I work hard it!). I'll be where I wanna be (I'll be where I wanna be!). I know I can (I know I can!). Be what I wanna be (be what I wanna be!). If I work hard at it (If I work hard it!). I'll be where I wanna be (I'll be where I wanna be!)Be, b-boys and girls, listen again. This is for grown-looking girls who's only 10. The ones who watch videos and do what they see. As cute as can be, up in the club with fake ID. Careful, 'fore you meet a man with HIV. You can host the TV like Oprah Winfrey. Whatever you decide, be careful, some men be. Rapists, so act your age, don't pretend to be. Older than you are, give yourself time to grow. You thinking he can give you wealth, but so. Young boys, you can use a lot of help, you know. You thinking life's all about smoking weed and ice. You don't wanna be my age and can't read and write. Begging different women for a place to sleep at night. Smart boys turn to men and do whatever they wish. If you believe you can achieve, then say it like thisI know I can (I know I can!). Be what I wanna be (be what I wanna be!). If I work hard at it (If I work hard it!). I'll be where I wanna be (I'll be where I wanna be!). Now, go…. I know I can (I know I can!). Be what I wanna be (be what I wanna be!). If I work hard at it (If I work hard it!). I'll be where I wanna be (I'll be where I wanna be!)Be, be-fore we came to this country. We were kings and queens, never porch monkeys. There was empires in Africa called Kush. Timbuktu, where every race came to get books. To learn from black teachers who taught Greeks and Romans. Asian Arabs and gave them gold, when. Gold was converted to money it all changed. Money then became empowerment for Europeans. The Persian military invaded. They heard about the gold, the teachings, and everything sacred. Africa was almost robbed naked. Slavery was money, so they began making slave ships. Egypt was the place that Alexander the Great went. He was so shocked at the mountains with black faces. Shot up they nose to impose what basically. Still goes on today, you see?. If the truth is told, the youth can grow. They learn to survive until they gain control. Nobody says you have to be gangstas, hoes. Read more, learn more, change the globe. Ghetto children, do your thing. Hold your head up, little man, you're a king. Young Princess when you get your wedding ring. Your man is saying She's my QueenI know I can (I know I can!). Be what I wanna be (be what I wanna be!). If I work hard at it (If I work hard it!). I'll be where I wanna be (I'll be where I wanna be!). I know I can (I know I can!). Be what I wanna be (be what I wanna be!). If I work hard at it (If I work hard it!). I'll be where I wanna be (I'll be where I wanna be!)Save the music, y'all. Save the music, y'all. Save the music, y'all. Save the music, y'all. Save the musicLife, I wonder. Will it take me under?. I don't knowImagine smoking weed in the streets without cops harassin'. Imagine going to court with no trial. Lifestyle cruising blue Bahama waters, no welfare supporters. More conscious of the way we raise our daughters. Days are shorter, nights are colder. Feeling like life is over, these snakes strike like a cobra. The world's hot my son got knocked, evidently. It's elementary, they want us all gone eventually. Trooping out of state for a plate of knowledge. If coke was cooked without the garbage. We'd all have the top dollars. Imagine everybody flashin', fashion, designer clothes. Lacing your clique up with diamond Roles. Your people holding dough, no parole, no rubbers. Go in raw, imagine law with no undercovers. Just some thoughts for the mind. I take a glimpse into time. Watch the blimp read The World Is MineIf I ruled the world (Imagine that). I'd free all my sons, I love 'em love 'em, baby. Black diamonds and pearls. (Could it be, if you could be mine, we'd both shine?). If I ruled the world. (Still living for today, in these last days and times)The way to be, paradise life, relaxin'. Black, Latino and Anglo-Saxon. Armani Exchange, the Range. Cash, Lost Tribe of Shabazz, free at last. Brand new whips to crash, then we laugh in the iller path. The Villa house is for the crew, how we do. Trees for breakfast, dime sexes and Benz stretches. So many years of depression make me vision. The better livin', type of place to raise kids in. Open they eyes to the lies history's told foul. But I'm as wise as the old owl, plus the Gold Child. Seeing things like I was controllin', click rollin'. Tricking six digits on kicks and still holdin'. Trips to Paris, I civilized every savage. Give me one shot, I turn trife life to lavish. Political prisoners set free, stress free. No work release, purple M3's and jet skis. Feel the wind breeze in West Indies. I make Coretta Scott-King mayor the cities. And reverse fiends to Willies. It sounds foul, but every girl I meet'd go down-town. I'd open every cell in Attica, send 'em to AfricaIf I ruled the world (Imagine that). I'd free all my sons, I love 'em love 'em, baby. Black diamonds and pearls. (Could it be, if you could be mine, we'd both shine?). If I ruled the world. (Still living for today, in these last days and times)And then we'll walk right up to the sun. Hand in hand. We'll walk right up to the sun. We won't land. We'll walk right up to the sun. Hand in hand. We'll walk right up to the sun. We won't landYou love to hear the story how the thugs live in worry. Duck down in car seats, heat's mandatory. Running from Jake, getting chased, hunger for papes. These are the breaks, many mistakes go down out of state. Wait, I had to let it marinate, we carry weight. Trying to get laced, flip the ace, stack the safe. Millionaire plan to keep the gat with the cocked hammer. Making moves in Atlanta, back-and-forth scrambler. ‘Cause you could have all the chips, be poor or rich. Still nobody want a nigga having shit. If I ruled the world and everything in it, sky's the limit. I push a Q-45 Infinit(i). It wouldn't be no such thing as jealousies or B Felonies. Strictly living longevity to the destiny. I thought I'd never see, but reality struck. Better find out before your time's out, what the fuck?If I ruled the world (Imagine that). I'd free all my sons, I love 'em love 'em, baby. Black diamonds and pearls. (Could it be, if you could be mine, we'd both shine?). If I ruled the world. (Still living for today, in these last days and times). If I ruled the world, if I ruled, if I ruled (Imagine that). I'd free all my sons, if I ruled, if I ruled. I love 'em love 'em baby. Black diamonds and pearls, black diamonds, black diamonds. (Could it be, if you could be mine, we'd both shine). If I ruled the world. (Still living for today, in these last days and times)If I ruled the world, if I ruled. If I ruled, I'd free all my sons. Black diamonds, I love 'em love 'em baby. Black diamonds and pearls, if I ruled. If I ruled the world. If I ruled the world. I love 'em love 'em baby!!Damn. Look how muh-fuckers use a nigga. Just use me for whatever the fuck they want. I don't get to say shit. Just grab me, just do what the fuck they want. Sell me, throw me away. Niggas just don't give a fuck about a nigga like me, right. Like I'm a f-, I'm a gun, shit. It's like I'm a motherfucking gun. I can't believe this shit. Word up, word upI seen some cold nights and bloody days. They grab me and bullets spray. They use me wrong so I sing this song 'til this day. My body is cold steel for real. I was made to kill, that's why they keep me concealed. Under car seats they sneak me in clubs. Been in the hands of mad thugs. They feed me when they load me with mad slugs. Seventeen precisely, one in my head. They call me Desert Eagle, semi-auto with lead. I'm seven inches four pounds, been through so many towns. Ohio to Little Rock to Canarsie, living harshly. Beat up and battered they pull me out. I watch as niggas scattered, making me kill. But what I feel it never mattered. When I'm empty I'm quiet, finding myself fiending to be fired. A broken safety, niggas place me in shelves. Under beds so I beg for my next owner to be a thoroughbred. Keeping me full up with hollow headsHow you like me now? I go blaow. It's that shit that moves crowds making every ghetto foul. I might have took your first child. Scarred your life, or crippled your style. I gave you power, I made you buck-wild. How you like me now? I go blaow. It's that shit that moves crowds making every ghetto foul. I might have took your first child. Scarred your life, or crippled your style. I gave you power, I made you buck-wildAlways I'm in some shit. My abdomen is the clip, the barrel is my dick uncircumcised. Pull my skin back and cock me. I bust off when they unlock me. Results of what happens to niggas shock me. I see niggas bleeding running from me in fear, stunningly tears. Fall down the eyes of these so-called tough guys, for years. I've been used in robberies, giving niggas heart to follow me. Placing peoples in graves, funerals made cause I was sprayed. I was laid in a shelf, with a grenade. Met a wrecked-up TEC with numbers on his chest that say. Five-two-oh-nine-three-eight-five and zero. Had a serial defaced, hoping one day police would place. Where he came from, a name or some sort of person to claim him. Tired of murdering, made him wanna be a plain gun. But yo, I had some other plans like the next time the beef is on. I make myself jam right in my owner's handHow you like me now? I go blaow. It's that shit that moves crowds making every ghetto foul. I might have took your first child. Scarred your life, or crippled your style. I gave you power, I made you buck-wild. How you like me now? I go blaow. It's that shit that moves crowds making every ghetto foul. I might have took your first child. Scarred your life, or crippled your style. I gave you power, I made you buck-wildYo, weeks went by and I'm surprised. Still stuck in the shelf with all the things that an outlaw hides. Besides me it's bullets, two vests and then a nine. There's a grenade in a box, and that TEC that kept crying. Cause he ain't been cleaned in a year he's rusty, it's clear. He's bout to fall to pieces cause of his murder career. Yo I can hear somebody coming in, open the shelf. His eyes bubbling, he said it was on. I felt his palm troubled him shaking. Somebody stomped him out, his dome was aching. He placed me on his waist, the moment I've been waiting. My creation was for Blacks to kill Blacks. It's gats like me that accidentally go off, making niggas memories. But this time, it's done intentionally. He walked me outside, saw this cat. Cocked me back, said, Remember me?. He pulled the trigger but I held on, it felt wrong. Knowing niggas is waiting in hell for him. He squeezed harder, I didn't budge, sick of the blood. Sick of the thugs, sick of wrath of the next man's grudge. What the other kid did was pull out, no doubt. A newer me in better shape, before he lit out, he lead the chase. My owner fell to the floor his wig split so fast. I didn't know he was hit, it's over with. Heard mad niggas screaming, niggas running, cops is coming. Now I'm happy, until I felt somebody else grab me. Damn!Yo, Nas whattup?. Whattup kid?. What going on Ill. I'm just tryna tell these brothers where I'm coming from. You know what I'm saying. Alright, kick itI'm the nigga walking with his finger on the trigger. Make enough figures until my pockets get bigger. I ain't the type of brother made for you to start testing. Gimme a Smith-N-Wesson I'll have niggas undressing. I'm rolling with a mob and running from the cops. Drive stolen cars and shoot many Glocks. A marijuana addict, if niggas want static. They had it, 'cause I flip just like an acrobatic. I'm always on the corners rolling up Sess. When I dress it's never nothing less than Guess. So I walk with a bop and my hat turned back. Love committing sins and my friends sell crack. I got it going on, my knuckle game is strong. Sip Dom Pérignon and then carry on. Army certifieds, keep a Rent-A-Ride. Stripping mad hoes and kick em to the side. See I'm the type of brother who keeps a four-pounder. Start a lot of shit and shoot at out-of-towners. At every block party, I try to catch a body. All for props, tell your pops call the cops. See now I'm on the run, but still having fun. Living by the MAC, my gear is all black. I keep killing because I'm ready and I'm willing and I'm a villainI got beef with the President and still loving it. Trying to make plans to overthrow the government. It won't work cause niggas don't believe enough. They'd rather stand on the corners and receive a cuff. Around they wrist, you don't like the sound of this. Rebel, but my country doesn't want me. They'd rather hunt me but you'll never catch us all. While you fucking with the dealers we'll be sticking up the malls. Full of anger, all about danger. Pulling out my banger, stabbing up a stranger. I hear Walkie Talkies in my sleep. And use a whole lot of slang when I speak. Walking with a vest, the projects is where I rest. And the streets keep me stressed. Staring at your face, wait for you to make a sound. That's when I take you down, shoot you up and suit you up. All in black and put you in a box. A hard rock with a .25 in my socks. Aiming at your temple so take the diamonds off your hands. I'm buckwild like Billy Bear and Ganz. Prince of pistoleers, words are crystal clear. And this you should fear. The maniac keeps killing, I'm known as a outlaw 'cause I'm a villainI keep bullets racing out the barrels of a Magnum. Put 'em to sleep and leave the doctors to tag them. An outlaw, although I never wear a holster. In every town you see my face is on a poster. Hear so many gunshots my eardrums should pop. Eyesight should stop from seeing mad niggas drop. To the concrete, I got police putting chalk on the street. And this is done once a week. I'm out to kill like Navy Seals. I'm crazy ill and what I can't do my .380 will. I never play with a AK. Because I'm fine with a .9 and if caught I'll do lesser time. Sometimes you gotta plan shit and understand it. See I'm a bandit whose hand'll itch. Without a gun in it, Nas is running it. I stay blunted, I'm the project's most wanted. My voice is like magic. My cassette is the clip and your radio's the Automatic. So when I'm in your town, duck down. Or take fire, whatever you desire. But I'm on point you might miss. Never fight this, you'll be sightless when I strike this. So roll the dice, I'm stopping the bank. It's ill how I got the pen dropping the ink. No one can stop this apocalypse. On your record player a method layer so run and tell your Mayor. Nas the parlayer, you better say your prayer. I'm the New York City slayer. I play high post and then lay low. Parlé slow and wear horns, not a halo. And keep killing 'cause I'm a villainIt ain't hard to tell, I excel, then prevail. The mic is contacted, I attract clientele. My mic check is life or death, breathin' a sniper's breath. I exhale the yellow smoke of buddha through righteous steps. Deep like The Shining, sparkle like a diamond. Sneak a Uzi on the island in my army jacket linin'. Hit the Earth like a comet—invasion!. Nas is like the Afrocentric Asian: half-man, half-amazin'. ‘Cause in my physical I can express through song. Delete stress like Motrin, then extend strong. I drink Moët with Medusa, give her shotguns in Hell. From the spliff that I lift and inhale; it ain't hard to tellThe buddha monk's in your trunk, turn the bass up. Not stories by Aesop. Place your loot up, parties I shoot up. Nas, I analyze, drop a jew-el, inhale from the L. School a fool well, you feel it like Braille. It ain't hard to tell, I kick a skill, like Shaquille holds a pill. Vocabulary spills, I'm Ill plus Matic. I freak beats, slam it, like Iron Sheik. Jam like a TEC with correct techniques. So analyze me, surprise me, but can't magmatize me. Scannin' while you're plannin' ways to sabotage me. I leave 'em froze, like heroin in your nose. Nas will rock well; it ain't hard to tellThis rhythmatic explosion. Is what your frame of mind has chosen. I'll leave your brain stimulated, niggas is frozen. Speak with criminal slang, begin like a violin. End like Leviathan, it's deep? Well, let me try again. Wisdom be leakin' out my grapefruit, troop. I dominate break loops, givin' mics men-e-strual cycles. Street's disciple, I rock beats that's mega trifle. And groove even smoother than moves by Villanova. You're still a soldier, I'm like Sly Stone in Cobra. Packin' like a Rasta in the weed spot. Vocals will squeeze Glocks. MCs eavesdrop, though they need not to sneak. My poetry's deep, I never fell. Nas' raps should be locked in a cell; it ain't hard to tellIt ain't hard to tell, I excel then prevail. The mic is contacted, I attract clientele. My mic check is life or death, breathing a sniper's breath. I exhale the yellow smoke of buddha through righteous steps. Deep like the Shining, sparkle like a diamond. Sneak a Uzi on the island in my army jacket lining. Hit the Earth like a comet – invasion!. Nas is like the Afrocentric Asian, half-man, half-amazing. Cause in my physical, I can express through song. Delete stress like Motrin, then extend strong. I drink Moet with Medusa, give her shotguns in hell. From the spliff that I lift and inhale, it ain't hard to tellThe Buddha monk's in your trunk, turn the bass up. Not stories by Aesop, place your loot up, parties I shoot up. Nas, I analyze, drop a jewel, inhale from the L. School a fool well, you feel it like Braille, it ain't hard to tell. I kick a skill like Shaquille holds a pill. Vocabulary spills I'm Ill plus Matic. I freak beats, slam it like Iron Sheik. Jam like a Tec with correct techniques. So analyze me, surprise me, but can't magnetize me. Scannin' while you're plannin' ways to sabotage me. I leave 'em froze like her-on in your nose. Nas'll rock well, it ain't hard to tellThis rhythmatic explosion, is what your frame of mind has chosen. I'll leave your brain stimulated, niggas is frozen. Speak with criminal slang, begin like a violin. End like Leviathan, it's deep, well let me try again. Wisdom be leaking out my grapefruit, troop. I dominate break loops, giving mics men-e-strual cycles. Street's disciple, I rock beats that's mega trifle. And groovy but smoother than moves by Villanova. You're still a soldier, I'm like Sly Stone in Cobra. Packing like a Rasta in the weed spot, vocals'll squeeze Glocks. MC's eavesdrop though they need not to sneak. My poetry's deep I never fail. Nas' raps should be locked in a cell, it ain't hard to tellThe type of lyrical terrorism I presentBuckets like Gilligan. Still I peep reptilians in the Filligan. Blendin' in, my quintillion ton brain. Got me revealing men. Quintessential Queensbridge poet back to the grill again. Did songs with Chubb Rock to Chris Brown, switch styles. Yet to see any heavyweight make it to this round. This that pure champion sound, I wear the crizzown. Raw, one take, I don't even need a mixdown. Demure, not docile, volatile, I kick down. Amphibians, reptiles that make that hiss sound. They eyes change color, their pupils start to slit down. When I take cover, and I let off a fifth roundI got seven MAC-11s, about eight .38s. Nine 9s, ten MAC-10s, the shit never ends. Rest in peace to B.I., the shit never ends. B.I.G. shit. I got seven MAC-11s, about eight .38s. Nine 9s, ten MAC-10s, the shit never ends (Never ends, never ends). The world's going crazy, this shit never ends (Never ends, never ends)Stop waiting for the hood to 'preciate ya. Whoever gets love in the hood, he's a freak of nature. When I said I wasn't mainstream, lames scream. What does he mean?. Who does he think he is?. His bank be hid, he hardly out. He still as hard as he was when he started out. We count 'em out, we count 'em in. Amongst the real, never my crown in doubt. So around my house with my wiz, lessons I got from my friends. Do they love me for me or love me for them?I got seven MAC-11s, about eight .38s. Nine 9s, ten MAC-10s, the shit never ends. The world's out war, the shit never ends. Everybody packin'. I got seven MAC-11s, about eight .38s. Nine 9s, ten MAC-10s, the shit never ends (Never ends, never ends). It never ends, the shit never ends (Never ends, never ends). What will it take to end?Can't see me moving, I'm like the fastest. I'm a 3D movie, no need of glasses. They hate it before they hear it. Clear that my perseverance is somethin' they can't bear. It's become apparently clear. They fear me, I'm not dying or rather. Put my ears to the blaring cop siren. Am I here or in a hot dryer?. Didn't hear all that pop-soundin' fakespeare, pop rhymin'. Niggas should stop lyin'. Why in a whole year, you still in the same spot trying. To change, but you not risin'?. When will somebody real tell him he not Nas-in'. Cars, you just started drivin'. I've been ridin', been made it. You and your pretend stages. I did this since windbreakers (Windbreakers)I wanna talk to the mayor, to the governor, to the motherfuckin' president. I wanna talk to the FBI, and the CIA, and the motherfuckin' congressman. I wanna talk to the mayor, to the governor, to the motherfuckin' president. I wanna talk to the FBI, and the CIA, and the motherfuckin' congressman. Can I talk to ya?Step up to the White House let me in. Whats my reason for being I'm ya next of kin. And we built this motherfucker. You wanna kill me because my hunger?. Mr. America young black niggas want ya. I wanna talk to the man, understand?. Understand this motherfuckin' G-pack in my hand. Look what happened to San Fran. Young girl hit by policeman. Twelve shots up in her dome, damn. Niggas thought we slept but the architect sent. The Pentagon's from Egypt, government secret. The 99 to 2-G computer shutdown, what now. Extension on Earth, human cutdown. Niggas play with PlayStations, they build a spacestations. On Mars plottin' civilizations. Dissin' us discriminatin' different races. Tax payers pay for more jail for Black Latin facesI wanna talk to the mayor, to the governor, to the motherfuckin' president. I wanna talk to the FBI, and the CIA, and the motherfuckin' congressman. I wanna talk to the mayor, to the governor, to the motherfuckin' president. I wanna talk to the FBI, and the CIA, and the motherfuckin' congressman. Can I talk to ya?I'm just a black man why y'all made it so hard, damn. Niggas gotta go create his own job. Mr. Mayor imagine if this was your backyard. Mr. Governor imagine if it was your kids that starved. Imagine your kids gotta sling crack to survive. Swing a mack to be live cardiac to get high. It's the ghetto life, yeah I celebrate it I live it. And all I got is what you left me with I'ma get it. And y'all combinin' all the countries we goin' do the same. Combine all the cliques to make one gang. It ain't a black and white thing. It's to make the change, citizens of a higher planeI wanna talk to the mayor, to the governor, to the motherfuckin' president. I wanna talk to the FBI, and the CIA, and the motherfuckin' congressman. I wanna talk to the mayor, to the governor, to the motherfuckin' president. I wanna talk to the FBI, and the CIA, and the motherfuckin' congressman. Can I talk to ya?What y'all waitin' for the world to blow up. Before you hear this rewind this 4 minutes before we timeless. Let y'all niggas bang my shit before Saddam hits. Let Nastradamus tell us what time it is. They try to buy us with dough. Fake black leaders of puppets always talkin' 'bout the city budget. The news got it all confused lyin' to the public. They eyes watchin' stay wise move above it. Water floods predicted, hurricanes, twisters. Its all signs of the Armageddon, three sixes. People reverse the system, politics verse religion. Holy war, muslim verse christians. Niggas in high places, they don't got the balls for this. People in power sit back and watch them slaughter us. Mr. President I assume it was negligence. But your streets are upside down, I'm here to representI wanna talk to the mayor, to the governor, to the motherfuckin' president. I wanna talk to the FBI, and the CIA, and the motherfuckin' congressman. I wanna talk to the mayor, to the governor, to the motherfuckin' president. I wanna talk to the FBI, and the CIA, and the motherfuckin' congressman. Can I talk to ya?Can I talk to you Mr. President. Niggas tryin to get with the computers. We ain't John Henry. Banging down fuckin'..? fighting against the machines. We want to be Part of the establishment nigga. That's what we are steppin up for. Ain't no cartoon out here. This shit is real. Total Package in this nigga. LES in this nigga. Ill Will nigga. Mr. President wanna keep us from establishment. Niggas are american baby. American MadeMelody, harmony, melody. Melody, harmony, melody, steadily. Melody, harmony, melody. Melody, harmony, melody, steadilyEverybody's not gon’ get you but keep going. I be cruising 40,000 feet like I'm a Boeing. Doubting me, they said I would have no longevity. Instead I'm steadily repping these fundamentals. I assemble these sentences. ’Cause someone said that I've been unadventurous. I've been uninterested, learning life is what matters. Chill, I'm the humble bragger. I could son a rapper, every one of you rappers. Vámonos, I be running you rappers. Adios, I don't see none of you rappers. All of y'all under me rappers. I need to golf, need a day to relax. Get a massage, Al Jarreau on the track. Al Jarreau of rap, made the Mets hat. More famous than Strawberry, y'all know this alreadyHere's our symphony. A measure by measure, a pleasure of harmony, melody. Here’s the memories. I used to play 40th and Vernon every yesterdayHad a lot of losses. It hurt a lot losing cats but it was worth it. I gave a lot, giving back still. I catch heat ’cause I'm black and I’m ill. And I'm real and made millions and they in they feelings. They can't hide it. I don't internalize it, I ignore it. I was taught to observe it. Not absorb it, so I don’t absorb itMelody. Married to harmony. One in the sameEvolution of a man and his music. The ill fill of harmonic symphonic acoustic. My Wikipedia just said it, I'm multimedia. When you rock O2 arena. You made it then it's crazy and now you gotta rock stadiums. I played it some where you tuck away and play the cut. Then they front. Then the shade come, they try to say that your day is doneMelody. Married to harmony. One in the sameHere's a melody, I used to play counterpoint every every yesterday. Here's a melody, I used to play counterpoint every every yesterday. Melody. Married to harmony. One in the same. Melody, memory, melody. Melody, memory, harmony, steadily. Melody, memory, melody. Melody, memory, harmony, steadily. Taking over all. My reverie stumbling, tumbling, fumbling, fumbling. Taking over all. My reverie stumbling, tumbling, fumbling, fumbling. Melody, memory, melody. Melody, memory, harmony, steadily. Melody, memory, melody. Melody, memory, harmony, steadily. Melody. Married to harmony. One in the sameCan we please have a moment of silence. That's for my niggas doing years in confinement. And for my soldiers that passed over, no longer living. That couldn't run whenever the reaper came to get 'em. Can we please pour out some liquor. Symobolizing let's take in time to consider that. Though our thugs ain't here, the love is here. And we gon' rep til slugs kill us here. This for my dogs, stuck in the struggle trying to gain. Smoking trauma, sniffing Ra while selling cocaine. Trapped in the game, not knowing how to stop and get by. To live it alive, so instead they live it to die. Can we please have a moment of peace. For every G that fell for his flag in the streets. Blooding and thugging, folking and loking. Criping and creeping, Latin and Kinging. Or just for poor righteous teachingYeah and can we have another moment of silence. For brothers who died from Black-on-Black violence. From here to the Dark Continent where rebels sell diamonds. To clients allover the world, got little Black girls dying. And can we please pour some more liquors. For Will, Bokeem, Bar, Pappy my niggas. Here's another Warrior Song from Nasty and Quan. It's to him I pass the baton to carry this on. Street's Disciple, salute to those who's gone with bullets. And I promise through rhyming Quan gon' rep his life to the fullest. And can we please have a moment of truth. For soldiers and troops away with helmets and boots. And families back home who pray they make it home safe. Hoping that they don't get hit with a stray or missiles. This is just a moment to let you all know that we miss you. Mommy I'm still here, wishing I was there with you. Let's take 'em homeAnd can we please have a moment to mourn. For Pac, Biggie and Pun, 'cause through us they live on. Jam Master Jay, Freaky Tah and Aaliyah. Big L and Left Eye, when we die we hope to see ya. Can we please have a moment for children. Who got raped or murdered or trapped in the system. Who never knew their father, never learned to dream. But was guided by drug dealers, killers and crack fiends. For single mothers that's forced to play mom and dad. Busting her ass to give her kids shit she never had. For my niggas in the pen hoping rhymes'll get 'em signed. So when released, they can say bye to a life of crime. For every mother that held a son in the street bleeding. Crying a song of sorrow to dark and deep for speaking. Just a moment outside the day to day struggle. To let the ones we really care about know that we love 'emPicture us married, you and me; K-I-S-S-I-N-G. I remember the first time, girl, you and me; F-U-C-K-I-N-G. Girl picture us married, you and me; K-I-S-S-I-N-G. I remember the first time, girl, you and me; F-U-C-K-I-N-GShe was the modern Isis, honey thought she was priceless. Perfect definition what a wife is, I like this. Showed me how exciting life is. I used to hang around dudes that used ice picks. The sheistiest, put you on they heist list. How we met it must have been fate. First date, crushed grapes, we ate lobster and steak. She kept asking questions how the cash made how my rent's paid. How many guns I sprayed and huns I laid. She said she want to have a family raise kids someday. Like out in Beverly Hills she wanna live one day. I can get with that I drop you off home. I call you hit me back. I wanna dig that and did I? I did that. Put it way up where her ribs at, her future kids had. You held out for two weeks, longer than these hoodrats. You precious, more precious than lost treasure. Matter of fact I'm kinda hoping we can stay togetherPicture us married, you and me; K-I-S-S-I-N-G. I remember the first time, girl, you and me; F-U-C-K-I-N-G. Girl picture us married, you and me; K-I-S-S-I-N-G. I remember the first time, girl, you and me; F-U-C-K-I-N-GI see you dressed up in white face covered in veil. Do I hear wedding bells? My dogs throwing rice. And it's the day that your father give you away. To a real man that gently put the ring on your hand. Do we vow to stay faithful? Do more than try to. Now, look me in my eyes and say I do. Driving off in the Rolls Royce just married on the plates. We can spend our honeymoon in the States. You can throw your friend the bouquet. Something in the back of my head say. For us two, maybe cause I love you. Hug you, squeeze you, touch you, tease you. As long as we together it's heaven for me to please you. Won't stop 'til I tell you me to, beautiful. Deeper and harder love laying new with you. Running my fingers through your hair it's like days can go by. While I'm with you and I won't even care, wordPicture us married, you and me; K-I-S-S-I-N-G. I remember the first time, girl, you and me; F-U-C-K-I-N-G. Girl picture us married, you and me; K-I-S-S-I-N-G. I remember the first time, girl, you and me; F-U-C-K-I-N-GShe been with young dudes, old guys, Hindus, pa-pi's. Colombians who cut pies, but none of them can touch Nas. Thug ones to those soft as baby shit. She been with hoodlums and those who had crazy chips. 'Til one day she decided to flip. It was nutting I can do about it, like she the boss and shit. Started talking this divorcing shit. I gave her my half rib, half my crib, half my cake. Half my car, half my kids? Can't get that. Tried to swing on the God, had to dip that. Yo, push her on the bed, lift her leg, had to rip that. All she wanted was rough sex, with her slick ass. Had to sit back, smoke a blunt and just look. With a fine-ass body and a damn good cook. For some reason yo she had me stuck and I had her in my web too. You my queen, God bless youPicture us married, you and me; K-I-S-S-I-N-G. I remember the first time, girl, you and me; F-U-C-K-I-N-G. Girl picture us married, you and me; K-I-S-S-I-N-G. I remember the first time, girl, you and me; F-U-C-K-I-N-G. Picture us married, you and me; K-I-S-S-I-N-G. I remember the first time, girl, you and me; F-U-C-K-I-N-G. Girl picture us married, you and me; K-I-S-S-I-N-G. I remember the first time, girl, you and me; F-U-C-K-I-N-G. Picture us married, you and me; K-I-S-S-I-N-GUhh, uhh, uhhLord have mercy, Jesus Christ. He's just nice, he just slice like a Ginsu. Look at the life that I've been through. I'm the last real nigga alive, that's official. Lord have mercy, Jesus Christ. He's just nice, he just slice like a Ginsu. Look at the life that I've been through (uhh). I'm the last real nigga alive, that's officialY'all don't know about my Biggie wars. Who you thought Kick in the Door was for?. But that's my heart, y'all still trippin' off the Jigga shit. Real niggas listen up and I'ma tell you how the whole thing start. Off top I brung Queens up from hard times. Rockin' at the Fever, streets was all mine. It was my version of the blues, droppin' out schools. The crack epidemic had rap representin' new rules. So I got in them shoes, tried 'em, wore them. Wasn't a perfect fit so I couldn't sport 'em. Young murderers ride, I knew all them. Jungle got shot, Will died, we was warrin'. I wrote it in my album. I was 18 when Lake seen the Island, and Lord held me down and. My surroundings started changin', I had a baby. I was makin' my rounds with AZ. Niggas started noticin' my flow and was open when. The Golden Child closed 'em in. With more style than them older men. Puff tried to start a label, Prince Rakeem had formed Wu-Tang. Snoop and Dre had a new thing. So Puff drove his new Range through Queensbridge Projects. He let me drive it, before Ready to Die hit. Big and I hit blunts performin' at the Ark. Next thing you knew, Big blew and all the ballin' starts. He had Kim in his crew, I found Fox. Only niggas in New York with number one charts. Big was ahead of his time, him and Raekwon. My niggas, but dig it, they couldn't get along. That's when Ghostface said it on The Purple Tape. Bad Boy bitin' Nas album cover, wait. Big told me Rae was stealin' my slang. And Rae told me, out in Shaolin, Big would do the same thing. But I borrowed from both them niggas. Jigga started to flow like us, but hit with Ain't No Niggas. Had much Versace swagger. Big admired the Brooklynite and took him in as Iceberg the rapper. Today, don't know nothin' about this boss shit. There's more shit than wantin' to be this King of New York shit. Uhh, uhh, uhhLord have mercy, Jesus Christ. He's just nice, he just slice like a Ginsu. Look at the life that I've been through. I'm the last real nigga alive, that's official. Lord have mercy, Jesus Christ. He's just nice, he just slice like a Ginsu (uhh). Look at the life that I've been through (yeah). I'm the last real nigga alive, that's officialRap became a version of Malcolm and Martin. Rest in peace Will, Queensbridge live on. There's some ghetto secrets I can't rhyme in this song. There's some missing pieces I had to leave out. Had lost trust for Steve Stoute at some point 'til I got to know him. We old friends, but what's loyal?. Puff soaked Interscope offices with champagne bottles on Steve. And Steve thought the drama's on me. 'Cause previously it would've been, against whoever. Friends forever. However, I learned, with some niggas it's all business. But I'm a street dude with morals. Then this nigga's with Jigga too much. He used to say Jay wanted my spot. I laughed, stayed home, never hung a lot. A quiet man who used to be alone plannin'. Baby moms thought I was too quiet, couldn't stand it. She hit the streets, later on she hittin' the sheets. With a rapper who wanted me on his songs, thinkin' he strong. I taught her how to watch for cars who might follow. Taught her street shit that I know. Her weakness was shine yo. But that's her, I ain't mad, baby, it made me stronger. Now I get my paper longer. Illmatic I was boss, It Was Written I flossed. One of the most creative LP's ever to hit stores. In The Firm I learned I Am NAStradamus. QB's Finest, Oochie Wally, faced more problems. I gave it all up so I can chill at home with Mama. She was gettin' old and sick so I stayed beside her. We had the best times, she asked would I make more songs. I told her not 'til I see her health get more strong. In the middle of that, Jay tried to sneak attack. Assassinate my character, degrade my hood. 'Cause in order for him to be the Don, Nas had to go. The Gam-B-I-N-O rules I understood. What y'all want, see, I already had. The Gift and The Curse? Fuck that shit, the first you'll be last. I'm the man's man, a rapper's rapper. G-O-D, S-O-N – they'll be none after. I was Scarface, Jay was Manolo. It hurt me when I had to kill him and his whole squad for dolo.... Uhh, uhh, uhhLord have mercy, Jesus Christ. He's just nice, he just slice like a Ginsu. Look at the life that I've been through. I'm the last real nigga alive, that's official. Lord have mercy, Jesus Christ. He's just nice, he just slice like a Ginsu. Look at the life that I've been through. I'm the last real nigga alive, that's officialThese are last words of a hanging slave. How could I forget this. I rob you, put you on my hit list. Under my nails are dirty look at the grime. My burnt lips from the roach clips. How can I shine. Being broke and bag a dope bitch. Powerful minds, we brave men. I blow smoke and I'ma keep sayin'. These are last words of a hanging slave. How could I forget this. I rob you, put you on my hit list. Under my nails are dirty look at the grime. My burnt lips from the roach clips. How can I shine. Being broke and bag a dope bitch. Powerful minds, we brave men. I blow smoke and I'ma keep sayin'I wanna be more than that bullet that go through ya zone. Wanna be the lead that tear through ya skin and crack bones. Wanna be the heat you feel makin' ya moan. Wanna be the hospital bed that you lay on. Wanna be the god you feel when you pray-on. It's Nashawn the type that get the hyper calm. I'm gonna kill somethin', rap cats be real frontin'. Fuck shootin' legs, cock back put his brains on the pave. Nigga how 'bout that, close range with the gauge get payed. First rapper to shoot off stage. Turn the front page the next day, my life is like a book. A twenty four hour song without no hook. Millennium Thug computer chips up in my slug. Turn corners when you turn corners, know who to plug. Thugs around me outside its grimy outside. Better slide before you get bodied outsideThese are last words of a hanging slave. How could I forget this. I rob you, put you on my hit list. Under my nails are dirty look at the grime. My burnt lips from the roach clips. How can I shine. Being broke and bag a dope bitch. Powerful minds, we brave men. I blow smoke and I'ma keep sayin'. These are last words of a hanging slave. How could I forget this. I rob you, put you on my hit list. Under my nails are dirty look at the grime. My burnt lips from the roach clips. How can I shine. Being broke and bag a dope bitch. Powerful minds, we brave men. I blow smoke and I'ma keep sayin'I'ma prison cell six by nine. Livin' hell stone wall metal bars for the gods in jail. My nickname the can, the slammer, the big house. I'm the place many fear 'cause there's no way out. I take the sun away put misery instead. When you with me most folks consider you dead. I saw too many inmates fallin' apart. Call for the guards to let them out at night when it's dark. Convicts think they alone but if they listen close. They can hear me groan touch the wall feel my pulse. All the pictures you put up is stuck to my skin. I hear ya prayers (even when ya whisperin'). I make it hotter in the summer, colder in the winter. If the court parole ya then another con enters. No remorse for your tears I seen 'em too often. When you cry I make you feel alive inside a coffin. Watch you when you eat play with you mind when you sleep. Make you dream that you free then make you wake up to me. Face to face with a cage no matter your age. I can shatter you turn you into a savage in rage. Change ya life that's if you get a chance to get out. 'Cause only you and I know what sufferings about. Yo it's stunnin' when bed sheets become your woman. And I'm the one that gotcha weapons when the beef is comin'. Maybe one day I'll open up my arms to release you. You'll always be my property nigga stay legal...These are last words of a hanging slave. How could I forget this. I rob you, put you on my hit list. Under my nails are dirty look at the grime. My burnt lips from the roach clips. How can I shine. Being broke and bag a dope bitch. Powerful minds, we brave men. I blow smoke and I'ma keep sayin'. These are last words of a hanging slave. How could I forget this. I rob you, put you on my hit list. Under my nails are dirty look at the grime. My burnt lips from the roach clips. How can I shine. Being broke and bag a dope bitch. Powerful minds, we brave men. I blow smoke and I'ma keep sayin'. These are last words of a hanging slave. How could I forget this. I rob you, put you on my hit list. Under my nails are dirty look at the grime. My burnt lips from the roach clips. How can I shine. Being broke and bag a dope bitch. Powerful minds, we brave men. I blow smoke and I'ma keep sayin'Yeah, check check, testing. It's clear out there, yeah. It's like I'm hang glidin' over the hood, ha. Never worry (ohhh, no, no, no)Check, let there be light. No gang bangin' in New York tonight. Just murals of Biggie Smalls, bigger than life. Turn up the kid mic ‘cause ya'll ain't listenin' right. What's all this talk that Nas got bought?. I'd rather outline my body in white chalk. Ain't nobody been where I been, they at a stand still. This is all overseen by my man WillThis ain't to glorify, just painting a street picture. There's no guidance or Bibles, just blunts and swishers. Gillettes cut 'caine in kitchen. Now every rapper wanna claim he hang with Kenneth Supreme McGriff, and. It's like the same difference except when niggas get arraigned. They don't want the same sentence, niggas get to snitchin. If I could reverse demises and turn falls to rises. And bring back the niggas who was livest. Old hustlers, reminiscing on better days. They home, doing nothing, might as well be in a cage. Hating on young brothers, one foot in the grave. They used to love us. Till we found our own way through the maze. New York, set trippin' and flaggin'. Got the West Coast laughin'. Now Esco's askin', What happened?. My homegirl from upper Manhattan; she remembers the quarters that's Latin, a lot of rat-a-tat-tattin'The son of the audio cassette era, TEC wearer. Bullets and baguettes, Benz Bose Speaker Terror. Deman I get mine till I'm dead, so I can drive somethin' red. Like that horse standing on it's hind legs. Since Arnold and Willis in they bunk beds. I wanted bread like Wonder. Not Ned the Wino like the parents of Lionel. Nas is the Ghetto American Idol. No matter what you do you're never getting my title. I can't sound smart, ‘cause y'all will run away. They say I ain't hungry no more and I don't talk about yay. Like there's no other way for a ex-hustler. Cake getter, the ex-wig splitter to touch you, I beg to differ. When you're four years into the game. We can have a conversation. Eight years in the game, I invite you on vacation. Ten years in the game, after I've enjoyed my fame. Only then I let you pick my brain, niggasYo, yeah. It's that Queens shit, the real shit. Illmatic. It's the N-A-S, yes. YoI wake up every morning. Thinking what we gonna do today (what we gonna do today). There's got to be a better way (got to be a better way). To maintain is the price of fame, life is like a dice game. Maintain is the price of fame, life is like a dice game1, 2... I never knock a brother, I'm anti-jail for real. Smooth criminal skill, locked in a human flesh shield. Watching niggas get rich beside me. Pushing a 5 B-Y me up in the passenger seat. But I see me as Hallie Selassie in my kingdom. Sipping Asti Spumante, dripped in, reality kicks in. I need the papes to start clicking. Got a connect out in Richmond, ain't nigga in the fam will pitch in. It's on, word is bond, that's my name, big Nas, all wise to civilize. From the Northern Hemisphere of the earth. Peace to my seed and thanks for her birth. Destiny, that's her name. It's going on, you know my name. Big Nas in the house, y'all, on the freestyle tip. When I finish this shit, it's sure to be a hit. Peace, peaceYo, Ill Will, Ruff Ryders. What what, straight like thatYou a killer or a hustler, dealer or customer. Gangsta or buster, youngster or old nigga. A weed head, a coke sniffer. You rich or a broke nigga. Know you all relate to this shit that I wrote niggas. Lots of my mans trapped up in a max. Penitentiary, sending me letters I answer back. That eventually, we all be Bentley'ed out. Throwing campaigns, fuck it I'm running for White House. My niggas control Senate, pipe seats, Jeeps tinted. Mad Lewinsky chicks, some kinky shit. Did dirt now I knew it would come back one day. So I'm on point, strapped, prepare for gunplay. Stared at one face, thought it was beef he looked familiar. Ready to blast, nigga gave me daps said I feel ya. Can't believe how my life changed. From the hood, the first time in my life. I can say I did the right thingLife is what you make it nigga, I'ma make it. No matter what it takes my nigga, we gon' take it (uh). Life is what you make it nigga, I'ma make it. No matter what it takes my nigga, we gon' take it (uh-huh). Life is what you make it nigga, I'ma make it. No matter what it takes my nigga, we gon' take it (uh). Life is what you make it nigga, I'ma make it. No matter what it takes my nigga, we gon' take it (uh-huh)Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh. Everyday shit, around the way shit got me stressed (what). So I keep on the vest in case a nigga wanna test (uh). I got no time for games 'cause I'm all grown up. You wanna joke nigga? Laugh when you get blown up (come on). See how funny it is when your kids ain't got no father. Cause you played it sweet now you floating in the harbor (for real). Shit is hectic so respect it for your health (what). Didn't think it was right, you should've checked it yourself (come on). Life is too short to get caught up in some dumb shit. Wake up one day, 40 years old on some bum shit. Time flew by, you was too fly to see the light. Everyday it's getting darker then comes the night. Now what? (what) Realize that you ain't got shit (uh). Not long ago you was the man on some hot shit. So just peep the flow yo, 'cause you already in this. Make sure your shit is right kid and handle your business (uh huh)Life is what you make it nigga, I'ma make it. No matter what it takes my nigga, we gon' take it (uh). Life is what you make it nigga, I'ma make it. No matter what it takes my nigga, we gon' take it (uh-huh). Life is what you make it nigga, I'ma make it. No matter what it takes my nigga, we gon' take it (uh). Life is what you make it nigga, I'ma make it. No matter what it takes my nigga, we gon' take it (uh-huh)Make history before you go. Fuck the misery, you living po' we gettin dough. Except the dollars other reasons why I'm living yo (why?). Time is valuable. Low and behold the young, black, and powerful. Got to eat yo, everyday my daughter feet grow. You wack and cheap with the doe, my heat could blow. Paying doctors when I'm born, a preacher if I'm buried. That's why cash is needed for my kids to inherit. Gotta pay just for living, tax life is a bid'ness. If you catch a bad deal, watch your life diminish. Deals made by God and the Devil, and we in it. Pawns in the game, can't complain or say shit. Just strap up and hold on, hope for the best. Prepare for the worst, no fears no nothing on earth. No tears if I'm dumped in a hearse, I won't be the first. Nor the last, nigga, let's get this cash, niggaLife is what you make it nigga, I'ma make it. No matter what it takes my nigga, we gon' take it (uh). Life is what you make it nigga, I'ma make it. No matter what it takes my nigga, we gon' take it (uh-huh). Life is what you make it nigga, I'ma make it. No matter what it takes my nigga, we gon' take it (uh). Life is what you make it nigga, I'ma make it. No matter what it takes my nigga, we gon' take it (uh-huh)Ayo, what's up, what's up?. Let's keep it real, son, count this money. You know what I'm sayin'? Yeah, yeah. Ayo, put the Grants over there in the safe. You know what I'm sayin'?. ‘Cause we spendin' these Jacksons. The Washingtons go to wifey, you know how that go. I'm sayin' that's what this is all about, right?. Clothes, bankrolls, and hoes. You know what I'm sayin'?. Yo, then what, man, what?!Visualizin' the realism of life in actuality. Fuck who's the baddest, a person's status depends on salary. And my mentality is money-orientated. I'm destined to live the dream for all my peeps who never made it. ‘Cause yeah, we were beginners in the hood as Five Percenters. But somethin' must've got in us, ‘cause all of us turned to sinners. Now some restin' in peace and some are sittin' in San Quentin. Others, such as myself, are tryin' to carry on tradition. Keepin' this Schweppervescent street ghetto essence inside us. 'Cause it provides us with the proper insight to guide us. Even though we know, somehow we all gotta go. But as long as we leavin' thievin'. We'll be leavin' with some kind of dough. So, until that day we expire and turn to vapors. Me and my capers will be somewhere stackin' plenty papers. Keepin' it real, packin' steel, gettin' high. ‘Cause life's a bitch and then you dieLife's a bitch and then you die, that's why we get high. ‘Cause you never know when you're gonna go. Life's a bitch and then you die, that's why we puff lye. ‘Cause you never know when you're gonna go. Life's a bitch and then you die, that's why we get high. ‘Cause you never know when you're gonna go. Life's a bitch and then you die, that's why we puff lyeI woke up early on my born day; I'm 20, it's a blessin'. The essence of adolescence leaves my body, now I'm fresh and. My physical frame is celebrated ‘cause I made it. One quarter through life, some godly-like thing created. Got rhymes 365 days annual, plus some. Load up the mic and bust one, cuss while I pus from. My skull, ‘cause it's pain in my brain vein, money maintain. Don't go against the grain, simple and plain. When I was young at this I used to do my thing hard. Robbin' foreigners, take they wallets, they jewels and rip they green cards. Dipped to the projects, flashin' my quick cash. And got my first piece of ass, smokin' blunts with hash. Now it's all about cash in abundance. Niggas I used to run with is rich or doin' years in the hundreds. I switched my motto; instead of sayin', Fuck tomorrow!. That buck that bought a bottle could've struck the lotto. Once I stood on the block, loose cracks produce stacks. I cooked up and cut small pieces to get my loot back. Time is illmatic, keep static like wool fabric. Pack a 4-matic to crack your whole cabbageLife's a bitch and then you die, that's why we get high. ‘Cause you never know when you're gonna go. Life's a bitch and then you die, that's why we puff lye. ‘Cause you never know when you're gonna go. Life's a bitch and then you die, that's why we get high. ‘Cause you never know when you're gonna go. Life's a bitch and then you die, that's why we puff lye. ‘Cause you never know when you're gonna go. Life's a bitch and then you dieTo my niggas.. huh... We all we got... Let's hold it down though, y'know?. However it's gon' go down. This what we gotta deal with, y'know?. Yo..It's the life we chose (uhh), where friends become foes. And the dough'll get you killed quicker than you know (uhh). This is the life we chose, bring fake snakes and hoes. And the only way out, is death or going broke. This the life we chose, ain't too many happy endings. That's why there ain't too many happy niggas in it. And I'll admit it, this life is fucked up but yo... (But yo..) this life is the only life I know...Uhh, uhh, uhh. Gold bathtubs, making love to my Queen. Get my back rubbed, Chardonnay, rolling up green. Statues, marble floors, rare paintings on my wall. My lifestyle's like the Forbes Magazine. Closets, full of rockets and sub-machines. Take this nigga out the projects, and his thug team. Yo we cruise past street lights, ill rides. Mr. Chow both coasts with the most loud toast. Calicos roast y'all folks, keep y'all dying. 'Cause it's hard to fuck around when we dealing with science. My enemies got money, so y'all should watch how I play it. They never know we enemies until they hear me say it. Til they kid's on the phone saying, Please daddy pay it. Til they brain's on the floor, mixed on the pavement. High-class elegance, you respect or you hiss. You go against you'd rather piss on an electrical fence. It's strategic, how these niggas want you to think. You'd be surprised, who'd be the one to put you to sleep. Why you stink? Yo these streets don't allow you to blink. You get showered by lead, coming out with your mink. Bow ties and tuxedos, bust Eagles. Dump drugs and acid, then they rush with the Rico. It's hard fucking with niggas you hope you can trust. You a fool if your main bitch is easy to fuck. And you've got money - is these hoes greedy or what?. Shit is devious, ex-friends wanting you stuckIt's the life we chose, where friends become foes. And the dough'll get you killed quicker than you know. This is the life we chose, bring fake snakes and hoes. And the only way out, is death or going broke. This the life we chose, ain't too many happy endings. That's why there ain't too many happy niggas in it. And I'll admit it, this life is fucked up but yo... This life is the only life I know...Uhh, what's love when you don't give your man enough dough?. He wanna stick you. What's love, you got beef?. Nobody rolling with you. What's love, you locked up, and your family don't care. Is love a four-letter word, that deceives the ear?. What's real, when you know your man's girl is a ho. And you don't even let him know, 'cause you fucked her befo'. What's real, when you talk behind a man's back. Then you see him and give him dap, now explain that?. What's trust, when they separate your case. When you at your court date, your co-de', can't look in your face. What's trust, when you keep your wife away from your man?. And he never crossed you, but you claiming he's fam'?. What's trust, when you get bust, your niggas don't retaliate?. They blaze purple haze with 'em the next day?. God forbid one of my niggas get hit, I'ma go haywire. Won't hesitate, I'ma spray fire. But everybody's different, you won't know how you react. Til you in that position, and that's an actual fact. The hearts of men change as time goes on, who's wrong?. You was hungry when you stuck Duke, he came back to buck you. Who's wrong? Foul all your life, now you 90. On your deathbed you regret being grimy. What's lust, a bust nut? What's a thug?. A ghetto child raised around drugs 'til he's old enough to bust slugs?. Then what's jail, to rehabilitate, or to make a nigga worse. When he come home to catch another case?. Life's about decisions, you choose it, you gotta live it. You did it, heaven or hell or prison. Who knows when your clock'll stop ticking, get your weight up. Save up before it's over neighbor, I told ya. You getting older player, look at those who gave upIt's the life we chose, where friends become foes. And the dough'll get you killed quicker than you know. This is the life we chose, bring fake snakes and hoes. And the only way out, is death or going broke. This the life we chose, ain't too many happy endings. That's why there ain't too many happy niggas in it. And I'll admit it, this life is fucked up but yo... This life is the only life I know...Fresh out the  motherfuckin' pack (Right out the pack son). For niggas don't know how to act (No doubt son). Fresh out the  motherfuckin' pack (No doubt son). For niggas don't know how to actYo, NYC, U-N-I-verse, seriously. Havoc and P, Queens niggas so it seem to be. Monopolize, strategies of war, exercise. Mega got word back from Noreaga. The D.A. got video cassette tape of. The god with the God-U-Now, pullin' a caper. Runnin' up in the spot, mask and duct taped up. Pig-tied they motherfuckin' wrists to they ankles. I been through, crime shit my niggas into. Peep the issue, situation like this, we stickin him too. JFK on our way to L.A. Got links with big cats down in Santa Barbré. My crew do it the Mobb way, every day. Crime pay, who wanna gunplay? Thrill me. Niggas kill me, grillin' me, you wanna look? Peep the nine milli. Now undress, you know the drill-y. Niggas suspect, weak links pose threats. I have yet to met challenger who go against my set. Gemstars razor sharp like Gillette, shavin' closely on. Any character approach me. I let the streets get the best of me, infamy, my destiny. While cat burg-lars tryin' to sneak peep the recipe. Inside my rap cookbook, paragraphs is gourmet. You pay about $5,000 a plateNo doubt kid, I hit them niggas like a bid. The prosecutor, runnin' up in your crib. Do your dirt, I do my dirt all by my lonely. It's only me, and the gat that's holdin' me. We got it locked beyond measure, your clique's under pressure. Extort you for your treasure, smack you with the undresser. Represent your clique, go ahead, get that ass whipped. (Floatin' in the river with your body wrapped in plastic). Wannabe thug, get smacked for back talkin'. QB represent fuck that, it can happen. While you rappin', I'm busy tryin' to sneak the gat in. Contamin', cut the party short while you jammin'. We think smarter, reach harder. Got the .44, bodyguard of somethin' you don't want a part of. If I was you, then I would do what I have to. But you ain't me, you hesitated so I clapped you. Then stepped off casually, naturally meNiggas thinkin' shit sweet, I carry big heat. Wavy hair, chipped teeth, up in this bitch deep. Queens murder cliques meet, yellow tapes on black gates. Mediterranean, projects is like Kuwait. I escape into zones, that's irregular. Why debate on the phone, I'm solar cellular. Escobar 600. You just a crumb inside a world where the rich run it. Curriculum of a mathologist. Deep throats, they try to swallow this. Anthropologists, dynasties of great knowledgists. I preserve in my dome, niggas mics is full of silicone. Spot's blown, guerilla ice on this killer's life. I put my word on it. Now you can sleep on or rock or swerve on it. Nas is menage a trois' on Mount Airy lodges. We like a smooth fam', but rougher than El DeBarge's. Catchin' charges, of marksmen, livin' heartless. Grab a cartridge, cock my shit on some Mobb shit. We mobbin', puttin' niggas in mausoleums. From Queens cross the Throgs Neck, heads bop, I see 'emFor niggas don't know how to act. To all my niggas on the block slangin' crack. Rest in peace to my niggas layin' on they back. To all the niggas who bust gat. (Live nigga rap). For niggas don't know how to act. To all my niggas on the block slangin' crack. Rest in peace to my niggas on they back. To all the niggas who bust gat. (Live nigga rap). For niggas don't know how to act. To all the niggas on the block slangin' crack. Rest in peace to my niggas on they back. To all the niggas who bust gat. (If you's a live nigga)Oooooh-ooooh-oooooooh. 42nd Street TerminalYo, yo, I live it and I speak it, my religion is reefer. Big money and the most uninhibited freak to sleep with. My visions are realistic, nothing is figurative. I can wish it into existing, God want this nigga to live. Blunt big as a dread, I get high and forget who bled. Who we stomp-kicked in the head and who we left for dead. Who are you niggas? Why argue niggas?. The truth is the truth, I really put my scars on niggas. They wear them lifetime, they tell they hoes, Nas did this. Pointing to they scars like, right here, baby, really Nas did this. Like a badge of honor, not bragging I'm just honest. War stories we tell them, nothing's realer than karma. Sip prohibition liquor, prohibition whiskey. Rap Jack Dempsey, matte black Bentley, pimply. Shattering your silence, passing round the chalice. Due to my Indian ancestry at the weed dispensery. Official kings and gents is who I mix and mingle with. Fuck your ice, I rock rubies, amethyst. I'll fuck your wife 'cause she a groupie, scandalous. This for my bad hood bitches, ghetto glamorousUhh, uhh, uhh. At seventeen I made seventeen thousand living in public housing. Integrity intact, repping hard. They asking how he disappear and reappear back on top. Saying Nas must have naked pictures of God or something. To keep winning is my way like Francis. As long as I'm breathing, I'll take chances. A soldier coming home, twenty years old with no legs. Sayin' there's no sense to cry and complain, just go 'head. So much to write and say, yo I don't know where to start. So I'll begin with the basics and flow from the heart. I know you think my life is good 'cause my diamond piece. But my life been good since I started finding peace. I shouldn't even be smiling, I should be angry and depressed. I been rich longer than I been broke, I confess. I started out broke, got rich, lost paper then made it back. Like Trump being up down up, play with cash, huhAt night, New York, eat a slice too hot. Use my tongue to tear the skin hanging from the roof of my mouth. Shit was felicissimo melting pot, city sweltering hot. Staggering, drunker than those cops that 2Pac shot. I was a crook by the train with that iron thing, concealed reaching. Soon as I heard them iron wheels screeching. When it came to a halt whoever walked off got caught. Token man safe behind a locked door for sure. Minor thief shit, minor league shit, beasting. Looking for the juks young, but now we older chiefing. In my truck, play The Greatest Adventures of Slick Rick. Bugging on how his imagination was so sick. It's ghetto beef, sinister niggas snicker through yellow teeth. Alcohol aging my niggas faster than felonies. How dare I, must be, something in the air that corrupts me. Look at my upkeep, owned and sublease. I'm here y'allThis for my trapped in the 90s niggas. For my trapped in the 90s niggas. Ha for y'all niggasIn our younger days we were so in love. And the thought of losing you was enough. Can't lose meWho be the holy prophet, they watchin’ with all his posture?. His Rothstein goggle game be the dopest, he gots to. Be from the '80s era. His tint is shade Carrera, Queens forever. Green pipe seats, clean Panamera. Amateur Hanna-Barbera characters know they envy. The illest Hennessy Black sipper with loaded semis. You pick of the week, voted-in rappers you go against me. You can't tantalize a call girl with just a roll of pennies. Can’t bait a lion in ya trap without a tranquilizer. You enterin' a boxing ring with no trainer beside ya. My Panerai watch glows like Avatar. Caviar black diamonds, can you imagine, y'all. Takin' from a rich man plate? Kick in his door. 'Cause his war with the bloodsuckers of the poor. The first shall be last, that's just universal law. Pop the cork, the Perrier-Jouët pours, like thisUh. I tell a story of a prince life and all his glory. It's killin' me softly. Somber like the buildings in Fort Greene. Hood monsters and niggas who walk mean. Hood niggas and they just came home and they grip they chrome. Can you hear me, is this thing on?. Test, one, two, gimme some feedback if y’all could feel it. For the home invasion dudes that be robbin’ dealers. Picture me runnin' inside they crib, rollin’ wit' ya. Mask on the face, tyin' up the sister. Lookin' for the bricks to get richer. Smackin’ up the dude with the gun, take the jewels and the funds. A dirty game when you servin' 'caine. Got feds to watch, hoes to watch, checkpoints and roadblocks. Police barricades, batterrams. Doors off the hinges, wake up flinchin', who ratted, man?. Knew who it had to been, states, feds and housin' added in. Every department searchin' your apartment. Ransackin' it, found four ratchets. DEA jackets, we gotta escape the madness. Haha, yeah, escape the madness. Yeah, through the eyes of Pablo. That's how I'm lookin' at you, there's an obstacle in everything. It's all natural, I'm keepin' it pilin'. Keepin' heat with the silencers. Learnin' Greek and Italian, speak with kings while dinin'. Good with hyenas, meanin' it's hood when it's time for ridin'. Ties with suppliers from my days of the projects. Where I resided, a phenomenon. With the ambitions of a rider. Pretty amazon on my arm, nigga, I'm the flyest. The flyest, haha, yeahLemme hear thatFreedom or jail, clips inserted. A baby's bein' born same time a man is murdered. The beginning and end, as far as rap goes. It's only natural, I explain my plateau. And also what defines my nameI ain't mad at you, young king, this unsung song is hauntin'. Along comes a one son called a offspring. The Earth spins, my Old Earth grin, sung a church hymn. She birthed in September, took my first wind, again, the Earth spins. I jumped in my first Benz, fled out, lead out. Screams got in the game and took bread out. The nerve of these niggas, weak flow, yo Cole let's murder this sequel. Freedom or jail from Fayetteville to QB though. 'Cause back when I was young there was massive niggas. But I passed them niggas, just bein' nasty, nigga. Military hat, fatigue pants saggin', Henny'd up. Execs askin' will he live to see his own release date happen. Straight off the corner with the armor, Arm and Hammer. But I had a appeal, I was a charmer. Yet still bein' my mama's son was my biggest honor. This shit was just kinda just a hobby in my project lobby. We was tryna be the Queensbridge Cosby's. But the street life robbed me of that, so I had to put it in raps. And who could I ask for help? Older niggas was gettin' mad. But that's the gift and the curse, that's the good and the bad. At least you got Jay, but he already one of the greats. And it's hard for the great to tell somebody how to be great. Nigga I tried and niggas threw that shit right back in my face. They took my cosign, but they ain't let me EP their tapes. And when they joint tanked, that's when they point blame. So point blank, young Cole, you won't be the same. The first album freedoms and them fourth album pressures. A big difference between 'em but I get why you said it. Radio records are needed, I just wanted it to bring the warnin'. Global warmin' to that cold world you was breathin'. That's some advice I never got. If I don't sell another record, I'll just steady rock. While you was writin' down my rhymes I was just tryna show you. That if you say what's on ya mind, you can stand the test of time. Now I'm playin' Born Sinner loud, saw you live, rock the crowd. Like wow, you made your nigga Nas proudSo you ain't let Nas down. It's just part of the game, becoming a rap king, my nigga. You ain't let Nas down. How that sound? Here the crown, pass it to you like nothin', nigga. You ain't let Nas downLong live the idols, may they never be your rivals. Slick Rick was like Jesus, G Rap wrote the Bible. Now what you're 'bout to hear's a tale of glory and sin. Large Professor's my mentor, that's how the story endBravehearts, Bravehearts, Bravehearts…Now let's get it all in perspective. For all y'all enjoyment, a song y'all can step with. Y'all appointed me to bring rap justice. But I ain't Five-O, y'all know it's Nas, yo. Grey Goose and a whole lot of hydro. Only describe us as soldier survivors. Stay laced in the best, well-dressed. With finesse in a white tee, lookin' for wifey. Thug girl who fly and talks so nicely. Put her in the coupe so she can feel the nice breeze. We can drive through the city, no doubt. But don't say my car's topless, say the titties is out. Newness, here's the anthem. Put your hand up that you shoot with, count your loot with. Push the pool stick in your new crib. Same hand that you hoop with, swing around like you stupid. King of the town? Yeah, I been that. You know I click-clack — where you and your mens at?. Do the Smurf, do the Wop, Baseball Bat. Rooftop like we bringin' '88 backThey shootin'! Aw, made you look. You a slave to a page in my rhyme book. Gettin' big money, playboy, your time's up. Where them gangstas? Where them dimes at?. They shootin'! Aw, made you look. You a slave to a page in my rhyme book. Gettin' big money, playboy, your time's up. Where them gangstas at? Where them dimes at?This ain't rappin', this is Street Hop. Now get up off yo' ass like your seat's hot. My live niggas lit up the reefer. Trunk of the car, we got the streetsweeper. Don't start none, won't be none. No reason for your mans to panic. You don't wanna see no ambulances. Knock a pimp's drink down in his pimp cup. That's the way you get Timberland'd up. Let the music defuse all the tension. Baller convention, free admission. Hustlers, dealers and killers can move swift. Girls get close, you can feel where the tool's kept. All my just-comin' homies, parolees. Get money, leave the beef alone slowly. Get out my face, you people so phony. Pull out my waist, the Eagle four-fortyThey shootin'! Aw, made you look. You a slave to a page in my rhyme book. Gettin' big money, playboy, your time's up. Where them gangstas? Where them dimes at?. They shootin'! Aw, made you look. You a slave to a page in my rhyme book. Gettin' big money, playboy, your time's up. Where them gangstas at? Where them dimes at?I see niggas runnin', yo, my mood is real rude. I lay you out, show you what steel do. Mobsters don't box, my pump shot obliges. Every invitation to fight you punk-asses. Like Pun said: you ain't even en mi clasa. Maybach Benz, back seat, TV plasma. Ladies lookin' for athletes or rappers. Whatever you choose, whatever you do. Make sure he a thug and intelligent too. Like a real thoroughbred is. Show me love, let me feel how the head is. Females who's the sexiest is always the nastiestAnd I like a little sassiness. A lot of class; Mami, reach in your bag, pass the fifth. I'm a leader at last, this a don you with. My 9's will spit, niggas lose consciousnessI need it from the top, ah!. This is history baby. Commissioner Steve Stoute. Lenny, ha!. God's Son, what up?. D-Block, what up?. Bravehearts, what up?Yo ain't nothing but trouble, God, when I kick in the door. With D-Block, Bravehearts and the Double R. Don't make me let the machine off. This is methadone music that you can lean off. Made You Look, the remix, with me up on it. I copped your shit, now I break weed up on it. And everything is real I see. Like my niggas that been home but they only got a jail ID. I helped the game, it ain't help me. I'm top five, dead or alive, and that's just off one LP. And I still buzz, they feel cuz. 'Cause they know the flow's ill just like Will was. I'm just tryna make sure that my sons wealthy. Out of shape, but I make sure that my guns healthy. I'm a ape, you can't stand 'Kiss, comin through the hood. In a Aston Vanquish, the color of dandruff. They said we jumped him, I just let the gun snuff him. Copped P then turboed soon as they uncuff him. This goes out to all of your mans. Why put you in the verse when I can put you in a coroner van?. D-Block!I'm from the school of hard knocks, sneak peeks and low blows. Where Xs mark spots and kitchens mark Os. Where love's gon' getcha and hate is gon' snitch ya. And fingers squeeze triggers like boa constrictors. It's the, Mr. Luda, Jada and Nas. And our bullets give you a deep-tissue massage. So hear a song and dance while I make these ends. You never stood half a chance like Siamese Twins (AH!). They shooting! Look in the barrel!. Then he made the front page of the Miami Herald. Or Chi. Tribune, nozzles with silent doom. We in that A-Town Journal as violent goons. You should print my information, quote my rhymes. And keep me in between these New York and L.A. Times. I was the victim of society, it's 'Cris the Menace. With mo' shit out on the streets than evicted tenants, whoa!Yo, I grasp the ratchet, the blinker, the biscuit, the burner. The heat, the toaster, the twister, you meetin your owner. The banger, the hammer, the flamers I aim at the cannons. And can ya, manhandlin ya, you'll be famous, I'll cancel you. And cut, that's the end of your movie. Pretendin you actin like you and your mens'll come shoot me. My tennis shoes Gucci, old school, pea-soup green. Jean Lee suit on, Veuve Clicquot champagne. Friday the 13th my CD drop. I rhyme to more Base than EZ Rock, I'm Jason, call up P.D. Watch hem Bravehearts, Jungle and Wiz and Nashawn. Ill Will rasta Lake, never revealin his face on. TV or pictures or even them niggas. Sorry that I made you wait long, glad them fakes goneWe shooting! Squeezing them triggers with Luda beside me. Me and 'Kiss get Luniz of weed, set to Styles P. Tell him hold his head, God's Son got him we made y'all look. From San Quentin to Rikers Island to Green, Sing Sing...Yeah, laced at Macy's, don't have it, a hatred addict. I need faces mad with frowns when I'm around, or I'm wasting fabric. I don't feel greater 'til my plush pieces, cause you to suck your teeth. So mean-mugging on my clean-thugging mean nothing. Women dream I'm your husband. I'm Alex Pushkin, the black poetry-writing Russian, ice disgusting. I started bling, how could you question my direction. Or my Tom Ford collection? Gangstas two-stepping. You hate me, should thank me, but lately. I burned so much trees, I keep environmentalists angry. I'm a rare dude, I'm a wonder, your best success is my worst blunder. Y'all livin' trendy on pennies, I cop plenty Fendi. Vivienne Westwood, I'm good. Get the whole Trump Tower top floor for the hood. Dre & Cool, we riding heavy, NY to Miami causeWe make the world go round. Now let's toast to the hustlers. We make the world go round. Tell the hustlers to toast to the gangstas. We make the world go round. Tell the gangstas to toast to the ballers. We make the world go round. And tell the ballers pour a glass for all us. We make the world go roundI see the haters on the floor jocking my swag. I'm popping Ralph Lauren tags and pouring champagne inside a Polo glass. Model bitches rolling grass, Escobar unfolding cash. Toasting with my entourage, went from robbing armored cars. To all my stars, red carpet to the L'Ermitage. We throwing red dice at the Mirage. I pull that red Lamborghini on twenties out my garage. Set up shop in South Beach like Khaled and Terror Squad. (We The Best!) Big pimping, top down chrome spinning. Top Gun, Tom Cruise tucked inside my Gucci linen. NoWe make the world go round. Tell the hustlers to toast to the gangstas. We make the world go round. Tell the gangstas to toast to the ballers. We make the world go round. And tell the ballers pour a glass for all us. We make the world go roundWe make the world go round. From my town to your town. We on top, no stopping us now. We got Patron, the ballers two stepping. Ladies on the floor and all 'em two stepping. From L.A. to Harlem, two stepping. (From L.A. to Harlem, two stepping). So iced out, it's easy to point them haters outWe start with Bellini's and end with Patrón shots. H. Lorenzo belt buckle from Chrome Heart. Alife tag popper, it'd be sad not to walk out the store with bags. Worth a hundred cash shopping. Violence only when have to, have to to swell you up. Prefer peach Schnaps, Perrier-Jouët, a vanilla dutch. Mets cap, that's Queens, I'm a vet, bet that. 300 carats the average up on the neck, black. Paid the cost, be the boss, Black Caesar floss. Weekends at the Venetian, pull up in that black Porsche. Top down, new fashion. Seeing me's like seeing through the lens of Helmut Newton's camera light flashing. And I'm laughing, my plaques' from album sales. Y'all is ringtone platinum but ninety-nine cents adds up. I don't hate 'em, I congratulate 'em. The new young Prince with young Mike Jackson on the same track. What!Now let's toast to the hustlers. We make the world go round. Tell the hustlers to toast to the gangstas. We make the world go round. Tell the gangstas to toast to the ballers. We make the world go round. And tell the ballers pour a glass for all us. We make the world go roundDress it up and make it real for me. Whatever that fucking meansReflect with radiance. Rising consciousness of my people in the stadiums. Or I can get ignorant like that nigga Maury Povich portray us as. I'm hip hop baby dad. And all of y'all my litter, my little kids. And my label's Mass Appeal. A blunt, a pill and some liquor. I get to my hitters, they spray your ass. Get money fast, R.I.P. the check, smell my kilo breath. I spit and I freeze you to death. Cuban tobacco mouth, trap nigga cologne. Been had the OG respect. Pick the city, I knock four of ya' baddest. 16 chillin' with Supreme Magnetic. Fort Greene nigga with a little Queens bastard. Now I'm in a Ghost or a Benz or an Aston, icon status. And we still strapped case you niggas want static. Still ballin', still mackin'. Niggas ain't a 100, he 60/40. We 50/50, that's automatic. My niggas got open cases. But niggas got watches and bracelets. And cee-lo, I never throw aces. Don't give a fuck about racists. Pray that my niggas come out of the FEDs. Shout to my niggas who dead. We got the stripes. All I got is my real niggas for life. Nas pour henny, Future pour dirty spriteUh, uh, uh, uh, uh-uh...(A mastermind) sees it coming before it comes. (A mastermind) before he go to war he counts his ones. (A mastermind) everything planned out perfect. In case y'all niggas got to get murdered. (A mastermind) sleeps at night real easy. (A mastermind) 'cause everything he does is by the book. (A mastermind) never do a thing irrational. Lives forever, these tales are classicalVelvet bow ties. Bulletproof's in the tux, when I roll by. In a car similar to Osama's, in my diamonds. And my principal is to study drama. Look what happened in Manhattan. A couple of, years ago when guns started clappin'. Two of my dogs fell, two of my niggas ran. They was amateurs in beef with a grown man. It taught me the lessons of how the strong stand. And how the weak end up in a coffin. Play it cool, that's the old school rule, man. Keep your ears to the street, you'll never lose, man. Make your enemies believe there's love there. 'Cause in war, belief is all fair. Rock them to sleep, shots in your Jeep. And you ain't never know the plot was from me. It's from my masterminds(A mastermind) sees it coming before it comes. (A mastermind) before he go to war he counts his ones. (A mastermind) everything planned out perfect. In case y'all niggas got to get murdered. (A mastermind) sleeps at night real easy. (A mastermind) 'cause everything he does is by the book. (A mastermind) never do a thing irrational. Lives forever, these tales are classicalIt ain't a game it's the life. Think it's a game, you lame. And I'm nice on that black stone Merlot. Toast to my hero Nat Turner. Weather below zero, gave the keys to Kelis. Whispered in her earlobe, drive home. 'Cause she the wife and they the freaks. The underneath my girl caliber. They smiled at her and said Goodbye. With niggas who thug or die, they wild as us. My bodyguards in my Denali truck. Knowing that I'm surrounded by OGs. That I don't really get down with. They got a separate table for their freaks bought them drinks. So we could talk man-to-man so real niggas could link. I knew, they kill hoes too like Rae Carruth. They used to spray troops, now they managing groups. The main nigga Sonny had big money since '82. Had two of my dogs whacked, nothing I could do. That was back when I had no crew, I switched that. Now I'm strong with niggas who feel Sonny was wrong. My money's long, his money is weak, he's losing sleep. Trying to feel me out, to see what it's gon' be. But I'm a mastermind(A mastermind) sees it coming before it comes. (A mastermind) before he go to war he counts his ones. (A mastermind) everything planned out perfect. In case y'all niggas got to get murdered. (A mastermind) sleeps at night real easy. (A mastermind) 'cause everything he does is by the book. (A mastermind) never do a thing irrational. Lives forever, these tales are classicalI live a clean life, I don't even steal cable. I speak for myself, my niggas'll slay you. Lucky us, this rap done worked out fine. Feds, check me out, it's no dirt y'all find. This King of New York shit only last 15 minutes. Every nigga get burned, but it's what you did with it. Niggas who brilliant, came in and killed it. Made millions every three months, new jury. I'm low, smoking Blueberry with a ho. That know a few scary individuals, it's eerie as she get into it. Squares, they into voodoo. She says a Hail Mary, then she said she knew who. Would come and try to kill you too(A mastermind) sees it coming before it comes. (A mastermind) before he go to war he counts his ones. (A mastermind) everything planned out perfect. In case y'all niggas got to get murdered. (A mastermind) sleeps at night real easy. (A mastermind) 'cause everything he does is by the book. (A mastermind) never do a thing irrational. Lives forever, these tales are classicalAight, fuck that shit! Word, word. Fuck that other shit, y'know what I'm sayin'?. We gonna do a lil somethin' like this. Y'know what I'm sayin'?. (Y'all doin' that other shit). Keep it on and on and on and on and. Know'm sayin'? Big Nas, Grand Wizard, God, what is it?. (It's like…) Haha, you know what I'm sayin'?. Yo, go ahead and rip that shit, dun!I rap for listeners, bluntheads, fly ladies, and prisoners. Hennessy-holders and old-school niggas, then I be dissin' a. Unofficial that smoke Woolie Thai. I dropped out of Cooley High, gassed up by a cokehead cutie pie. Jungle survivor, fuck who's the live-er. My man put the battery in my back, a difference from Energizer. Sentence begins indented with formality. My duration's infinite, moneywise or physiology. Poetry, that's a part of me, retardedly bop. I drop the ancient manifested hip-hop straight off the block. I reminisce on park jams, my man was shot for his sheep coat. Choco blunts'll make me see him drop in my weed smoke. It's real, grew up in trife life, the times of white lines, the high pipes. Murderous night times and knife fights invite crimes. Chill on the block with Cognac, cold strap. With my peeps that's into drug money market interact. No sign of the beast in the blue Chrysler. I guess that means peace. For niggas, no sheisty vice to just snipe ya. Start off the dice-rollin' mats for craps to cee-lo. With side-bets, I roll a deuce, nothin' below. (Peace God!) Peace God – now the shit is explained. I'm takin' niggas on a trip straight through memory lane. It's like that, y'all…Now let me take a trip down memory lane. Comin' outta Queensbridge. Now let me take a trip down memory lane. Comin' outta Queensbridge. Now let me take a trip down memory lane. Comin' outta Queensbridge. Now let me take a trip down memory lane. Comin' outta QueensbridgeOne for the money, two for pussy and foreign cars. Three for Alizé, niggas deceased or behind bars. I rap divine, God, check the prognosis: Is it real or showbiz?. My window faces shootouts, drug overdoses. Live amongst no roses, only the drama. For real, a nickel-plate is my fate, my medicine is the ganja. Here's my basis, my razor embraces many faces. You're telephone blown, black, stitches or fat shoelaces. Peoples are petro, dramatic automatic .44 I let blow. And back down po-po when I'm vexed, so. My pen taps the paper, then my brain's blank. I see dark streets, hustlin' brothers who keep the same rank. Pumpin' for somethin', some'll prosper, some fail. Judges hangin' niggas, uncorrect bails for direct sales. My intellect prevails from a hangin' cross with nails. I reinforce the frail with lyrics that's real. Word to Christ, a disciple of streets, trifle on beats. I decipher prophecies through a mic and say Peace. I hung around the older crews while they sling smack to dingbats. They spoke of Fat Cat; that nigga's name made bell rings, black. Some fiends scream about Supreme Team, a Jamaica Queens thing. Uptown was Alpo, son, heard he was kingpin. Yo, fuck, rap is real! Watch the herbs stand still. Never talkin' to snakes, 'cause the words of man kill. True in the game, as long as blood is blue in my vein. I pour my Heineken brew to my deceased crew on memory laneNow let me take a trip down memory lane. Comin' outta Queensbridge. Now let me take a trip down memory lane. Comin' outta QueensbridgeComin' out of Queensbridge. Comin' out of Queensbridge. Comin' out of Queensbridge. Comin' out of Queensbridge. The most dangerous MC is…. Comin' out of Queensbridge. The most dangerous MC is…. Comin' out of Queensbridge. The most dangerous MC is…. Comin' out of Queensbridge. The most dangerous MC is…. Me number one, and you know where me from{*Kissing*}. I love you so much, don't ever leave me, I won't let you leaveThe hoe turned me out, green eyes, had a crush on her. Since 5 years old, met her, fell in love with her. I saved that hoe 'cause she bring more hoes. She major yo, the way she left them other dudes cold. Heartbroken, she walked right out of mad nigga's life. So when I bagged her up right, I had to make her my wife. And I ain't gonna lose her like those other lames did. I keep a stash safe kid, when I proposed it made her face big. She keep me jig, glorifying medallions. Got me in clothes made by Italians, feed me lobster and scallions. Watching her pile on my bed, her body feel stacked. She been around for years, know the hustlers, pimps, and macks. Bankers and diplomats. She the scratch on my back. Her cream I lust, now I got her I don't know how to act. When she not around, I'm heated, 'bout to lay something flat. Know how to treat it, never take for granted, she got me trappedMy money, money, money, my bitch is my money. Ohhh money you my honey. Money is my bitch. Ohhh money, money, money, love her 'cause she keep a nigga rich. Ohhh money you my honey, but I think she got me pussy whipped. My money, money, money, my bitch is my money. Ohhh money you my honey. Money is my bitch. Ohhh money, money, money. Yeah yeah that bitch treat me like a trick. Ohhh money you my honey, she says without her I can't be richAll the fun we have together, I keep you in my pocket. It's so much of you I share you, and speak to you in private. You got me karats on my wrist. I'm a savage for your kiss. Embarrassed when I'm not with you, I'm off guard. Niggas always expect to see us two together, stable. The best couple they seen since Trump and Marla Maple. Don't need no pre-nup. 'Cause when we hump we do it up. Make sure we both will bust a dollar sign nut. Before I got to know, my life I say was mediocre. Break of day, slinging all night long, fiending to stroke ya. Seeing niggas with you I wasn't happy. Wanted to stick them up to get you, heard you calling for daddy. And gladly I take you as my lawfully wedded wife. Never divorce me, I promise to treat you right. Keep you satisfied, never lie help you grow. My legal tender, lovely federal reserve noteMy money, money, money, my bitch is my money. Ohhh money you my honey. Money is my bitch. Ohhh money, money, money, love her 'cause she keep a nigga rich. Ohhh money you my honey, but I think she got me pussy whipped. My money, money, money, my bitch is my money. Ohhh money you my honey. Money is my bitch. Ohhh money, money, money. Yeah yeah that bitch treat me like a trick. Ohhh money you my honey, she says without her I can't be richI won't sell my soul to you. What do I owe to you?. My cars, my house, my flow to you. Screw you, before you. Real niggas said I was cool, now I got you. The envy me cause I'm with you. You floss too much. Turn niggas out, one touch. For you, my guns bust. You always said in GOD we trust. It's hard enough to keep counting on you. You cheat with government thugs, got the IRS pounding on you. I think I liked you better when you were illegal. But you had to get professional, musical. Now when we fuck we use prophylactic, hard plastic. Stick you in ATM's, limited cash quick. Said you'd give me luxury, when I asked it. Fucking me, I gave you back shots in ya assets. Promised happiness, but really did nothing for me. I guess bitches like you just grow on treesMy money, money, money, my bitch is my money. Ohhh money you my honey. Money is my bitch. Ohhh money, money, money, love her 'cause she keep a nigga rich. Ohhh money you my honey, but I think she got me pussy whipped. My money, money, money, my bitch is my money. Ohhh money you my honey. Money is my bitch. Ohhh money, money, money. Yeah yeah that bitch treat me like a trick. Ohhh money you my honey, she says without her I can't be richMy niggas got scarred grills, skully hats and gats be fully's. Brrrat, cars peel, the East Coast cartel. Rats get their tails snapped and trapped. The snitches in the streets and the snitches who rap. Pure euphoria, a dose of death to all of ya. Coroner choruses sung from The Bridge to Astoria. Dreams of fallin' in the elevator, passin' floors. Suddenly stop, the doors open up to a brick wall. I can smell the haters, wishful thinkers, bad luck prayers. Picture your tarot cards and bodyguards getting sprayed up. Sabotagin' my makeup, my watches get laced up. Even if they indicted Jacob. Forensics, paramedics, carry cowards off. Defibrillators shock to your chest, try to cough. They die and hit Hell from an iron. I'm fly in YSL, I'm paid from this shit. Got bitches high as hell, and they fucking like AIDS don't exist. They get sent to your hotel, a maid and shit. Put a barrel in a capo mouth, 'til his scalp come out. You a kid, you don't live what you rap about. King poetic, too many haters to count. Too much paper to count, QB, bitch!Join me in war, many will live, many will mourn. Money Over Bullshit, pistols over brawn. Afraid not of none of you cowards but of my own strength. Afraid not of none of you cowards but of my own strength. (My own strength nigga, that's what I'm scared of, ha-ha). Join me in war, many will live, many will mourn. Money Over Bullshit, pistols over brawn. Afraid not of none of you cowards but of my own strength. Afraid not of none of you cowards but of my own strengthGot seven candles lit, black wallpaper, black carpet. Thinking about which nigga to target. You kill a nigga today, he lives forever. So I plotted out smarter, there'll be no martyrs. Black TEC on the table, Mag .44. Black negligee on my bitch, she's at the door. Black fish eggs, nigga, that's the caviar. You niggas fish-made, y'all niggas is fifth grade. Niggas, it's fifty ways to dissect the General. If I give ya the top five, you will not survive. Rule 1: cocksucker, keep my name from your tongue. Rule 2: thought you knew don't fuck with God's Son. Rule 3: see, matter fact, I just wait. If y'all reach top five, then I'ma eat y'all alive. Each one of you guys that claim Hip-Hop is still alive. Like y'all ain't in agreement with Nas. That shit is dead motherfucker, it's dead, bitch…Join me in war, many will live, many will mourn. Money Over Bullshit, pistols over brawn. Afraid not of none of you cowards but of my own strength. Afraid not of none of you cowards but of my own strength. (My own strength nigga, that's what I'm scared of, ha-ha). Join me in war, many will live, many will mourn. Money Over Bullshit, pistols over brawn. Afraid not of none of you cowards but of my own strength. Afraid not of none of you cowards but of my own strengthFrom crack pushers to Lac' pushers and ambushers. And morticians to fortresses, case-dismisses. Laced in riches, cake ridiculous. From nickel and dimin' to trickin' them diamonds. Vegas, places in Switzerland. From non-blastin' to auto, I don't have to blast mine. They blast mine, black 9, you flatline, my cash climb. Buy rare art, antique pieces, Mona Lisa's, own no leases. Five-star restaurant eaters; don't forget who your peeps is. 'Sposed to dine with you, sip that good wine with you. Only if they grind with you or slang for ya. Seen niggas live, laugh, party and die in that very same corner. Pretty girls glance at us, status unconceivable. Private planes landed out in Teterboro, weed I twirl. Once even gave me a phobia, that I be in a spot trapped like Madame Zenobia's with this kid eyein' my Rollie, y'allJoin me in war, many will live, many will mourn. Money Over Bullshit, pistols over brawn. Afraid not of none of you cowards but of my own strength. Afraid not of none of you cowards but of my own strength. (My own strength nigga, that's what I'm scared of, ha-ha). Join me in war, many will live, many will mourn. Money Over Bullshit, pistols over brawn. Afraid not of none of you cowards but of my own strength. Afraid not of none of you cowards but of my own strengthThere it is, QB, bitch! Yeah…. QB, bitch! Yeah, yeah… QB, bitch!American born, American raised, American madeMy country shitted on me (my country). She wants to get rid of me (naw, never). 'Cause the things I seen (we know too much). 'Cause the things I seen (we seen too much). My country shitted on me (my country). She wants to get rid of me (naw, never). 'Cause the things I seen (we know too much). 'Cause the things I seen (we seen too much)Ayo, it's packed on this Rikers bus. The tightest cuffs is holdin' me shackled. The life of a thug caught in the devil's lasso. On the streets I was invincible. Cowards would duck at a glimpse if they knew. What my pistol would do, a fuckin' killer. Mother's a dope fiend embarrassin' me. All in front of my friends. In the street smile with no teeth. I never knew daddy, heard he had a 72 caddy. Died in a robbery, can't remember him, was probably 3. Why didn't my folks just die in this society. Why wasn't I a child of a doctor, who left stocks for me. Two little brothers, two sisters, them shorties gots to eat. Mother's a junkie, she twisted, so all they got is me. I'm the provider, with goals to do much better than my father. Whether through drugs sold, or holdin' revolvers. Blurry visions of dad holdin' me high. It comes to me slowly, the words he would cryMy country shitted on me (my country). She wants to get rid of me (naw, never). 'Cause the things I seen (we know too much). 'Cause the things I seen (we seen too much). My country shitted on me (my country). She wants to get rid of me (naw, never). 'Cause the things I seen (we know too much). 'Cause the things I seen (we seen too much)It is I that step up. Me that don't give a fuck, you that foe, then it's all over soldier. Hummers and Range's through the desert. Fuck a 20-inch, long as we got gas and we got water. Troopers lookin' for manslaughter. I gotta get back, for what they owe. Shoot 'em in the back for the get back. Lead through shit bag, hold tie gag. Forget the life had, now we all rebels. Everything burnt down includin' the ghetto. We can see 4 miles the land its major rubble. And debris from the earth as we knew crumble. Yo you could see the sea. And the stars look closer to me. I'm a mad man, this is a real life movie Mad Max. S-K's, AK's max, ABR's spittin' and it ain't a rap. My mommy dearest pray for me hopin' I come back, but yoMy country shitted on me (my country). She wants to get rid of me (naw, never). 'Cause the things I seen (we know too much). 'Cause the things I seen (we seen too much). My country shitted on me (my country). She wants to get rid of me (naw, never). 'Cause the things I seen (we know too much). 'Cause the things I seen (we seen too much)Yo, I'm sittin' behind these prison walls. I got this pen and pad wishin' on a visit, God. Brothers is here for homicide and yo, it's some for rape. Some brothers innocent, I pray that I could just escape. How is the war. And yo I'm wishin' I was in your shoes. Holdin' machine guns. Clean fun, shootin' dudes with fatigues on. Anywhere is better than this. It's America's plan every color of man inherits the shit. Yo I'm startin to think it's all a scheme, nobody cares. I know the warden is readin' the scribe. (But yo I swear, it's a billion dollar business). Courts, lawyers and jails. We all slaves in the system, I'm 'bout to rebelThere's not a bitch in sight. Or block bench, or black gate. Or gray fence, look who fucked it all up, Mr. President. I remember yesterday we was on the block gettin' bent. Now it's state of the art. I just saw the first dude I met here, his head came apart. What a bloody mess, a slug fest. I just buried 8 of mine, at night I hear grown men cryin'. You know I'm spittin' mine. I ain't goin' out here, we gotta win. Every time I hear the wind I think a slug went in. I'm checkin' my chest, holdin' my head. Catchin' my breath, watchin' my back. Smokin' this grass, beatin' my dick, thinkin' of ass. I don't know what they broadcast, the newsflash is fake. Everyday I'm feelin' like you, I wanna escape. And if y'all niggas feelin' like me, y'all niggas just sayMy country shitted on me (my country). She wants to get rid of me (naw, never). 'Cause the things I seen (we know too much). 'Cause the things I seen (we seen too much). My country shitted on me (my country). She wants to get rid of me (naw, never). 'Cause the things I seen (we know too much). 'Cause the things I seen (we seen too much)This goes out to Che Guevara;. A Revolutionary destroyed by his country. Just trying to fight for what's real. This goes out to my nigga Malcolm El-Hajj Malik Shabazz. Just trying to fight for what's real. This goes out to Martin, all about peace and destroyed by his own country. This goes out to everybody in the whole world. Just trying to fight for what's real. To Patrice Lumumba;. Just trying to fight for what's real and destroyed by his own people. This goes out to my hood niggas. Coming up everyday just trying to survive the only way we know how. But see we know too much now, and we seen too much now. So ain't nothing gon' to stop us now. To my country, to my country, my country, my country...Word to Will, buried in his Fila suit and heavy chain. I wanna be iced-up, nigga, bury me the same. I live for street glory and I die for ghetto fame. Respect all, fear none, my pride is everything. Initials in swimming pools floors, women lose drawers. A true boss, never lose wars, got cheddar to floss. Guns under my bed, mask and a flashlight. Livin' my life like everyday's my last night. Alcoholic on toilets, I shit blood. Foreign cars, models and stars, life of a rich thug. Mommy told me from weed I would switch drugs. To cocaine and hit clubs and deep-dish dubs. How would she know unless she hit the clubs, got her mack on?. Back in the 60's with an afro and her platforms. Boppin' to The Supremes, smokin' joints. That's cool, but I'ma live how I want(I did it my way) from crumbs and roaches and rats. (I did it my way) convertin' from hustlin' to raps. (I did it my way) from break dancin', back spins on the cardboard. (I did it my way) to bullet proof Bentleys, Gats in the car door. (I did it my way) never gave a fuck what nobody said. (I did it my way) they hoped that I failed and wished I was dead. (I did it my way) if I fuck up, it falls on me. (I did it my way) I lucked up and struck rich, now we all can eatGateways, marble floors, chandeliers. Jacuzzi's, Gucci soap, throwin' cash in the air. Though I still feel broke with millions in the bank. And deals on the table, I focus to stay afloat. And just to think some would die to get what I got. They think it's a lot; in the blink of an eye, you could get shot. Niggas is wolves, comin' if you ruthless or not. But I be on point, put you in places where bodies rot. Never knew murder 'til I seen my man get popped. No blood soakin', layin' there, eyes still open. I got a little closer, put my hand in his palm. He was lookin' right through me, yo, starin' beyond. I wonder what he saw: the limos, movies and tours?. Did he die in vain or represent for the cause?. Now I put his name on everything I'm involved. And that's the game; y'all can't relate, fuck y'all (Ill Will)(I did it my way) from crumbs, roaches and rats. (I did it my way) convertin' from hustlin' to raps. (I did it my way) I call it how I see it niggas. (I did it my way) if you don't like it, so be it niggas. (I did it my way) I make my own rules, do my own plans. (I did it my way) gangstas do what they want, suckers do what they can. (I did it my way) takin' sacrifices kid. (I did it my way) you only gettin' one life to liveYo, hoes in my focus slow me; roll with the brokest homies. Cold and we hopeless lonelies, scoldin' my foes who phony. From blocks where coke'll feed you, and cops is over-evil. They know some people who tell on felons who sold some diesel. Her-on and blow, it ruins minds, knew a crew one time. '89, they took work to Caroline and blew big time. In just two years, their crew disappear. Snitches and bitches smeared the paint on their pictures. Years back, I reminisce and remember. Sittin' on wood benches gave me splinters. Just a baby nigga thankful. When them killers came through, guns out, movin'. I thank the ones who said. Shorty, go home, we about to be shooting(I did it my way) from crumbs and roaches and rats. (I did it my way) convertin' from hustlin' to raps. (I did it my way) from break dancin', back spins on the cardboard. (I did it my way) to bullet proof Bentleys, Gats in the car door. (I did it my way) never gave a fuck what nobody said. (I did it my way) they hoped that I failed and wished I was dead. (I did it my way) if I fuck up, it falls on me. (I did it my way) I lucked up and struck rich, now we all can eatThey say we N-I double G-E-R, we are. Much more, still we choose to ignore. The obvious, man this history don't acknowledge us. We were scholars long before colleges. They say we N-I double G-E-R, we are. Much more, but still we choose to ignore. The obvious, we are the slave and the master. What you looking for? You the question and the answerWe trust no black leaders, use the stove to heat us. Powdered eggs and government cheeses. The calendars with Martin, JFK and Jesus. Gotta be fresh to go to school with fly sneakers. Schools with outdated books, we are the forgotten. Summers, cooling off by the fire hydrant. Yeah I'm from the ghetto. Where old black women talk about their sugar level. It's not unusual. To see photos of dead homies funerals. Aluminum foil on TV antennas. Little TV sit on top the big TV, eating TV dinners. Girls dye their hair with Kool-Aid. They gave us lemons, we made lemonade. But this nigga's paid, ancestry of slaves. Descendant of kings, it's necessary I - bling. Put rims on everything, wear Timbs on every sceneThey say we N-I double G-E-R, we are. Much more, still we choose to ignore. The obvious, man this history don't acknowledge us. We were scholars long before colleges. They say we N-I double G-E-R, we are. Much more, but still we choose to ignore. The obvious, we are the slave and the master. What you looking for? You the question and the answerDo I mean it like a slave master, nigga?. No I'm gangsta, gotta eat rappers. My abbreviation was young when I caught the cases. That should mean the court could see my changes. Take off the bracelets. Savage when broke, smoke sour diesel, need no Bowflex. My chest still cut up like a bag of dope. Thought patterns consist of boss matters. Spit Moses' lost commandments like a gross sandwich out my mouth. Toast to government cameras peeping us, every week I must. Have my cars, homes and phones squeaked for bugs. But this is what I was dreaming of. Between cutting hard coke with new razors slicing my fingers up. They used to string us up, we wanted everything. But the one bringing us cake be the snakes like the. Like the New Jack City wedding scene. No time for mistakes, trying to get it like MedellinThey say we N-I double G-E-R, we are. Much more, still we choose to ignore. The obvious, man this history don't acknowledge us. We were scholars long before colleges. They say we N-I double G-E-R, we are. Much more, but still we choose to ignore. The obvious, we are the slave and the master. What you looking for? You the question and the answerMy nig', what up my nig'? Yep!. People afraid of criticism. But I always put myself in a sacrificial position. They been know I ain't just rapping for fame. I got my old homie's half-sister father asking for chains. Yep, I give the cash up, this paper don't matter. They see me from skinny to fatter, when I rap about war. They got a tendency to scatter, they ain't my backup no more. So now my enemies are at my front door. 'Cause anytime we mention our condition, our history or existence. They calling it reverse racism. Still to this day the streets torn - my brother Jung'. I'll always have a seat for him - not behind me, beside me. You'll always know where to find me. They say the close ones will hurt you. So let's keep a small circle. On the road to riches and diamond rings. In the land of the blind, the man with one eye is the kingThey say we N-I double G-E-R, we are. Much more, still we choose to ignore. The obvious, man this history don't acknowledge us. We were scholars long before colleges. They say we N-I double G-E-R, we are. Much more, but still we choose to ignore. The obvious, we are the slave and the master. What you looking for? You the question and the answerYeah, yeah. Ayo, Black—it's time, word (Word, it's time, man). It's time, man (Aight, man, begin). Yeah—straight out the fuckin' dungeons of rap. Where fake niggas don't make it back. I don't know how to start this shit, yo—now;Rappers; I monkey flip 'em with the funky rhythm I be kickin'. Musician, inflictin' composition, of pain. I'm like Scarface sniffin' cocaine. Holdin' an M16, see, with the pen I'm extreme. Now, bullet holes left in my peepholes. I'm suited up in street clothes, hand me a 9 and I'll defeat foes. Y'all know my steelo, with or without the airplay. I keep some E&J, sittin' bent up in the stairway. Or either on the corner bettin' Grants with the cee-lo champs. Laughin' at base-heads, tryna sell some broken amps. G-packs get off quick, forever niggas talk shit. Reminiscin' about the last time the task force flipped. Niggas be runnin' through the block shootin'. Time to start the revolution, catch a body, head for Houston. Once they caught us off-guard, the MAC-10 was in the grass, and. I ran like a cheetah, with thoughts of an assassin. Picked the MAC up, told brothers Back up! — the MAC spit. Lead was hittin' niggas, one ran, I made him back-flip. Heard a few chicks scream, my arm shook, couldn't look. Gave another squeeze, heard it click, Yo, my shit is stuck!. Tried to cock it, it wouldn't shoot, now I'm in danger. Finally pulled it back. And saw three bullets caught up in the chamber. So, now I'm jettin' through the buildin' lobby. And it was full of children, prob'ly couldn't see as high as I be. (So, what you sayin'?). It's like the game ain't the same. Got younger niggas pullin' the triggers, bringin' fame to their name. And claim some corners, crews without guns are goners. In broad daylight, stick-up kids, they run up on us. .45’s and gauges, MAC's in fact. Same niggas will catch you back-to-back, snatchin' your cracks. And black, there was a snitch on the block gettin' niggas knocked. So hold your stash 'til the coke price drop. I know this crackhead who said she got to smoke nice rock. And if it's good, she'll bring you customers and measuring pots. But yo, you gotta slide on a vacation. Inside information keeps large niggas erasin' and their wives basin'. It drops deep as it does in my breath. I never sleep, 'cause sleep is the cousin of death. Beyond the walls of intelligence, life is defined. I think of crime when I'm in the New York State of MindNew York state of mind. New York state of mind. New York state of mind. New York state of mindBe havin' dreams that I'm a gangsta, drinkin' Moëts, holdin' TEC's. Makin' sure the cash came correct, then I stepped. Investments in stocks, sewin' up the blocks to sell rocks. Winnin' gunfights with mega-cops. But just a nigga walkin' with his finger on the trigger. Make enough figures until my pockets get bigger. I ain't the type of brother made for you to start testin'. Give me a Smith & Wesson, I'll have niggas undressin'. Thinkin' of cash flow, Buddha and shelter. Whenever frustrated, I'mma hijack Delta. In the PJ's, my blend tape plays, bullets are strays. Young bitches is grazed, each block is like a maze. Full of black rats trapped, plus the Island is packed. From what I hear in all the stories when my peoples come back. Black, I'm livin' where the nights is jet-black. The fiends fight to get crack, I just max, I dream I can sit back. And lamp like Capone, with drug scripts sewn. Or the legal luxury life, rings flooded with stones, homes. I got so many rhymes, I don't think I'm too sane. Life is parallel to Hell, but I must maintain. And be prosperous, though we live dangerous. Cops could just arrest me, blamin' us; we're held like hostages. It's only right that I was born to use mics. And the stuff that I write is even tougher than dykes. I'm takin' rappers to a new plateau, through rap slow. My rhymin' is a vitamin held without a capsule. The smooth criminal on beat breaks. Never put me in your box if your shit eats tapes. The city never sleeps, full of villains and creeps. That's where I learned to do my hustle, had to scuffle with freaks. I'm a addict for sneakers, 20's of Buddha and bitches with beepers. In the streets I can greet ya, about blunts I teach ya. Inhale deep like the words of my breath. I never sleep, 'cause sleep is the cousin of death. I lay puzzled as I backtrack to earlier times. Nothing's equivalent to the New York state of mindNew York state of mind. New York state of mind. New York state of mind. New York state of mindNasty Nas—Uhh.. yo. Whattup? Whattup?. It's time man (word, it's time?). Straight up (it's time, man). Aight, set that shit off (set it off then, nigga). Set it off (set if off)Broken glass in the hallway, bloodstained floors. Neighbors look at every bag you bring through your doors. Lock the top lock, momma should've cuffed me to the radiator. Why not? It might've saved me later from my block. N.Y. cops, hookers crawlin' off the stroll, coughin'. Stitches in they head, stinkin' and I dread thinkin' they be snitchin'. But who else, could it be, shook at these, unmarked vans. Parked in the dark—NARC's, where's your heart?. Hustlers starve—they bust a U-ey, I jog. To my building—come out later wearin' camouflage. See the sergeant and the captain—strangle men. Niggas gaspin' for air 'til they move no more and just stare. With dead eyes—tired of riots, shit is quiet. Simple-minded fools infiltrate grimy crews. Overcrowded cribs, uncles home from bids, sisters pregnant. Fathers on drugs, moms is smokin', beds is piss-infested. Had 8 partners growin' up, 8 turned to 7. 7 turned to 6 niggas, got 2 in heaven. 6 of us holdin' it, now it's 5 rollin' thick. The 6th one's parole flipped, 5 niggas went to 4 quick. When he went O.T., college life. Converted into gangbangin', 4 niggas still hangin'. Years passin' and slang changin'—3 of us now, 4th nigga ain't around. We all thought he was real—he did the snake shit. Fake shit—beat his ass down. Yo his mouth could've got us all wasted, what a fuckin' clown. All I got left in the end is 2 of my best friends. And we all goin' out to the death for these ends. What?New York, New York (New York state of mind). New York, New York (New York state of mind)You heard about it, you see about it. You read about it, it's in your papers. It's in your daily news (Get money!). New York chronicles, every day. The crime rate, the murder rate. The money rate, the paper chase (aight?). You know what I mean?. New York state of mind, baby (oh, yeah). Check it out (yeah)I'm at the gamblin' spot, my hands on a knot. New York Yankee cap cover my eyes, stand in one spot. I take a nigga dough, send him home to a shoebox. You lost that nigga I put your dollar in the jukebox. Hear my favorite song, all these niggas sing along. All the cigarette smoke's cloggin' my lungs. Hoodrats flashin' they tongue. Young thugs blastin' they gun, we got reputations. Bitches and niggas both on parole or probation. Shit is sick, niggas got gats, army fatigues. I got my eyes glued on whoever walk in or leave. 'Cause I ain't playin', niggas'll run up in here and shoot up this shit. Stick yo' ass up, niggas'll find the loot in your kicks. Bunch of triple-cross niggas, just New York niggas. Lift you off your feet when they was just talkin' with you. Some of these dudes the Feds be on 'em, you knew 'em for years. Be the type when you walk in a pub, they offer you beers. That ain't gangsta, niggas is up North with tatted tears. Your name's on the affadavit, you ratted kid. Faggot-ass niggas that be scared to do they bids. Fuck you, we run you out of N.Y, you can't live. Got your quiet niggas, that relocated down South. Comin' back to floss, then you got the jealous loudmouths. All of a sudden we got Crips and Bloods, D.T.'s. Runnin' round quick to split your mug, it's easy. To score but it's hard to get the shit off. Niggas fightin' over hundred sales, jump in the car and drive off. When the fiend come around the block, happy as hell. Niggas mad 'cause they ain't get a piece of that sale. Cutthroat connivers, universal, ghetto survivors. Go to any hood that's live and make it liver. A lot of niggas schemin', some real, some niggas frontin'. But I'm a big dreamer, so watch me come up with somethin'New York, New York. New York, New YorkMotherfucking Dre, whassup my nigga. Sup Nas. Chilling God. Niggas is up in here hittin' some of this chronic, nigga. Yeah and this chocolate over here, they mixed this shit up. Nigga, hit some of this shit, nigga. Yeah, lemme get that, I'm tired of these niggas. Niggas stealin' beats and niggas is stealin' your whole techniques and shit, niggas wanna take everything from a nigga man. Yeah yeah yo Nas it's like this man. Niggas can't do it like I do it, d'yaknahmsayin'. Just like niggas can't do what you do. Right, right. You know, can't nobody fuck with this. You know all these niggas out here just. Talkin' this East coast West coast bullshit. Niggas need to kill that shit. And make some money, y'know. Word. Fuck it. What is it, what is it God. Let's get together, make some fuckin' music. Right, that's what I'm sayin', that's what I'm sayin'. And get paid, and just, let that be it. All these niggas talkin all this bullshit. Better sit back, and watch what happensThe Golden Child chop that ass up, you was holding out. Let the streets be the court and corners hold the trial. Fatal not fictitious. I rock the cable '86 shit. Foreign cars young with crazy bitches. Mad smoke makes me able to quote. Soliciting ill editions of that Murder I Wrote. A provocative plan can bring a knot to my hand. As the pyramids that stand on top of the sand. In the heat of the moment. Like Farrakhan said we need atonement. Bulletproof glass, S-classes chrome kitted up. Calicones lit it up. I didn't get touched checking my nuts. I stood up and lit a Dutch. Clutching gats quick to bust. But knowing how these niggas tattle. I sneak move get the drop, one shot without the gun battle. So when you run the lead travel. I come through it's taboo. Ninety-six ways made to clap youNas is coming. Nas is coming. Nas is coming. Nasty Nas is coming. Nas is coming. Nas is coming. Nas is coming. Nas is coming. Nasty Nas is coming. Nas is cominIn the black limo, Jack Daniels through the cracked window. I spot the fake, red dot his face like a Hindu. Snatched the symbol, tied his hands to make examples. Substantial amounts you owe to the firm. Crew, Firm affliation, paper chasing. Chips glossy, rich Pablo Escabano. Sophisticado, blazing hollows like Saddles. Rap apostle, nacho cheese, I'm Castro. Compared to these niggas who swear to be real. But impostors to Hoffa. Nas plague kills. Counting bills to send to all my jail niggas who fell. From New York to LA, QB to CPT for GP. A hundred G cars. Garcia Vegas cigars. Kani shit, mad jiggy. The clout, murder material serial scratched out. My name's passed out like it's something venereal. But back in stereoNas is coming. Nas is coming. Nas is coming. Nasty Nas is coming. Nas is coming. Nas is coming. Nas is coming. Nas is coming. Nasty Nas is coming. Nas is cominFrom childbirth to hearses, flow like the Nile cover surface. I bit the fruit from the Serpent. Apocalyptic, get bent stay splifted. Control the rap game you got it twisted. Dr. Dre way, the Bridge say, shake dice and kiss it. Sip Cris' push the six with biscuit. Jeep full of chickens, pull up beside, have a listen y'all Nas y'all. Fly gangsta wavy hair teeth chipped in. My shit bump in the courtroom drunk, links truck. Rocky bracelet, cognac kernel never chase it. Rap hero black DeNiro. Federal Bureau tapped my line and got zero. Rap pro diamond roll, hustling low. Pro-file white gold style, raking bloody dough by the pile. Shot down still alive he struggling for the phone. Fo-fo blow him, when homicide comes. These three words are sungNas is coming. Nas is coming. Nas is coming. Nasty Nas is coming. Nas is coming. Nas is coming. Nas is coming. Nas is coming. Nasty Nas is coming. Nas is cominCheck this out, it's Nasty Nas, and Dr. Dre. East meets West. That's how we making it happen. That's how it goes down for the nine-six. Ayo Nas let's get this money. Let's get paid. Sit back and watch all these motherfucking clowns out here. Riffing and beefing about this bullshit. Yo while they doing all that. We just gon' kick back with these honies. This Cristal and party to the year 2GNas is coming. Nas is coming. Nas is coming. Nasty Nas is coming. Nas is coming. Nas is coming. Nas is coming. Nas is coming. Nasty Nas is coming. Nas is coming(Nas is; Nas is; Nas is; Nas is; Nas is; Nas is; Nas is;. Nas is like; Nas is like; Nas is like). Umm, Premo, Nas. Yeah, yeah, yo. (Nas is; Nas is; Nas is; Nas is; Nas is; Nas is; Nas is;. Nas is like)Freedom or jail, clips inserted, a baby's being born. Same time a man is murdered—the beginning and end. As far as rap go, it's only natural I explain. My plateau, and also, what defines my name. First it was Nasty, but times have changed. Ask me now, I'm the artist, but hardcore, my sign's for pain. I spent time in the game, kept my mind on fame. Saw fiends shoot up and do lines of cocaine. Saw my close friends shot, flatline, am I sane?. That depends, carry MAC-10s to practice my aim. On rooftops, tape CD covers to trees. Line the barrel up with your weak picture then squeeze. Street scriptures for lost souls, in the crossroads. To the corner thugs hustling for cars that cost dough. To the big dogs living large, taking in light. Pushing big toys, getting nice, enjoying your life. It's what you make it, suicide, few try to take it. Belt tied around their neck in jail cells naked. Heaven and Hell, rap legend, presence is felt. And of course N-A-S are the letters that spell (Nas, Nas, Nas)Nas is like; life or death; I'm a rebel. My poetry's deep, I never fell. Nas is like; half-man, half-amazing (Uh). No doubt. Nas is like; life or death; I'm a rebel (Uh, uh). My poetry's deep, I never fell. Nas is like; half-man, half-amazing (Uh). No doubt (Uh)(Nas is like) Earth, Wind & Fire, rims and tires. Bulletproof glass, inside is the realest driver. Planets in orbit, line 'em up with the stars. Tarot cards, you can see the pharaoh Nas. (Nas is like) Iron Mike, messiah type. Before the Christ, after the death. The last one left, let my cash invest in stock. Came a long way from blasting TECs on blocks. Went from Seiko to Rolex, owning acres. From the projects with no chips, to large cake dough. Dimes giving fellatio, siete zeros. Bet my 9 spit for the pesos, but what's it all worth?. Can't take it with you under this earth. Rich men died and tried, but none of it worked. They just rob your grave, I'd rather be alive and paid. Before my number's called, history's made. Some'll fall, but I rise, thug or die. Making choices that determine my future under the sky. To rob, steal or kill, I'm wondering why. It's a dirty game, is any man worthy of fame?. Much success to you, even if you wish me the opposite. Sooner or later we'll all see who the prophet isNas is like; life or death; I'm a rebel. My poetry's deep, I never fell. Nas is like; half-man, half-amazing (C'mon). No doubt. Nas is like; life or death; I'm a rebel. My poetry's deep, I never fell. Nas is like; half-man, half-amazing. No doubt (Uh)(Nas is like) Sex to a nympho, but nothing sweet. I'm like beef, busting heat through your windows. I'm like a street sweeper, green leaf breather. Like Greeks in Egypt, learning something deep from they teachers. I'm like crime, like your 9, your man you would die for. Always got you, I’m like pop dukes you would cry for. I'm like a whole lot of loot, I'm like crisp money. Corporate accounts from a rich company. I'm like ecstasy for ladies, I'm like all races. Combined in one man; like the '99 Summer Jam. Bulletproof Hummer man. I'm like being locked down around new faces, and none of 'em fam. I'm the feeling of a millionaire spending a hundred grand. I'm a poor man's dream, a thug poet. Live it and I write down and I watch it blow up. Y'all know what I'm like, y'all play it your system every night, nowNas is like; life or death; I'm a rebel. My poetry's deep, I never fell. Nas is like; half-man, half-amazing. No doubt. Nas is like; life or death; I'm a rebel. My poetry's deep, I never fell. Nas is like; half-man, half-amazing. No doubt (Uh); Nas is likeUh, 2000 GYo, I need an encore y'all, you should welcome me back. You wanna ball 'till you fall, I can help you with that. You want beef? I could let a slug melt in your hat. 'Cause I'm a wild barbarian, too hard, I'm scaring 'em. Century 21 solar eclipse. While you listening to the words that I wrote on the disc. Thelonius, my description is doo-rags, pants sag down to my feet. AK is my heat, everyday in the street 'til I lay six feet. QB, PJs, and we playing for keeps. Jewelry, cars and Jeeps is my motto. Four-fives with the hollows, silencers on the nozzles. Pop bottles with those who left here. The best years, wearing a bulletproof vest years. The aim for the head and chest years. What's your name? Make your name known. For the next year's, better rep, yeahNasty, Nas to Esco to Escobar. Now he is Nastradamus. Nasty, Nas to Esco to Escobar. Now he is Nastradamus. Nasty, Nas to Esco to Escobar. Now he is Nastradamus. Nasty, Nas to Esco to Escobar. Now he is NastradamusI let y'all niggas bang my shit before Saddam hits. Let Nastradamus tell us what time it is. I was the first one on that Don shit. First nigga to sing a hook on some TJ Swan shit. Black ski masks up in the projects, camoulflage, full clips. Run up in your crib, tie up your bitch. Weigh the bricks and we loco, so broke, brown coke won't sell. Spending your money on weed, smoke and hotels. Hood rats and bullet wound up females. Got babies by hustlers and niggas in jail. Slinging for chips and fiends with burnt finger tips. Base heads, killed cab drivers just for a hit. A week later, sporting Gators, getting thrills. Our honies wearing Gucci high heels. She come to scoop me, I chill. Leave the streets alone for a sec. Hit the sky bar on sunset, then the sex is so high-tech. UhNasty, Nas to Esco to Escobar. Now he is Nastradamus. Nasty, Nas to Esco to Escobar. Now he is Nastradamus. Nasty, Nas to Esco to Escobar. Now he is Nastradamus. Nasty, Nas to Esco to Escobar. Now he is NastradamusNow, lounge homeboy, you in the Godly zone. Rest in peace, Ill Will, now your name's on the throne. And we gon' rep it the best that we can. Physically, you was killed by the weapons of man. But where you at now, you lamp, laid and max now. Where Bravehearts put they rap down in honor of your name, you a legend. And they don't understand how you CEO from heaven. But that's another level, brethren. Two G's, we got the type fam with MAC-11's. We do squeeze, thought it's not right. But that's the zone that we left in. Bentleys, Porches, Piaget watches. Sick with the bread, Lamborghini trucks topless. Laptops with 100 gigabytes, ninja bikes. And we all roll dice, for each other's ice. And how does one guy multiply to more than five wise guys?. But only one man, only the mind's eye can understand that I'm...Nasty, Nas to Esco to Escobar. Now he is Nastradamus. Nasty, Nas to Esco to Escobar. Now he is Nastradamus. Nasty, Nas to Esco to Escobar. Now he is Nastradamus. Nasty, Nas to Esco to Escobar. Now he is NastradamusIll Will. Nastradamus. New LP for the 2G. Uh. Bravehearts. Nation. Big Things. Lucciano. Oh, the Lord again. M-O-B-B Deep. Zaire. Jungle. Wiz, horse. L-E-S, L-E-S(Y'all ready for Nas?. Queensbridge, y'all ready to see Nasty Nas?. Uh huh, they ready). Yeah, word. Got some Rémy Martin. And some good-ass cigars, check it outAyo, late night, candlelight, fiend with diesel in his needle. Queensbridge leader, no equal. I come from the Wheel of Ezekiel. To pop thousand-dollar bottles of Scotch. Smoke pot and heal the people. Any rebuttal to what I utter get box-cutter'd. Count how many bad honeys I slut, it's a high number. Name a nigga under the same sky that I'm under. Who gets money, remain fly, yeah, I wonder. Eyes flutter, it's love when Nas pops up. Stars get starstruck, panties start drippin'. The ways of Carlito, blaze, torpedo cigars. Drop Rolls, hoes drop clothes. Louis the XIII, freaks, women nice size. I ride like Porsches, thick, brown and gorgeous. It ain't my fault, semi-automatic weapons I brought. The world crazy, I'm rich and I'm girl-crazy. Dick 'em, convince ‘em all to praise me. They ideology is confusion, I lose 'em. Fellates me, who hate me? My gun off safety. Since the Tunnel and Skate Key, my jewelry in HDSilent rage, pristine in my vintage shades. I'm not in the winters of my life or the beginning stage. I am the dragon. Maserati, pumpin' Biggie, the great legend. Blastin', I'm after the actress who played Faith Evans. My little Jackie Onassis, dig?. I'm so high I never land like Mike Jackson's crib. Vest on, .45 still crack ya rib, sacrilege. Talk trash 'bout the Nasty kid. Past nasty now, I'm gross and repulsive. Talk money, is you jokin'?. Cash everywhere, in my bank, in the sofa. In the walls, in the cars, in my wallet, in my pocket. On the floors, ceilings, the safe, bitch, I got it. You envy, but don't offend me. I'm skinny, but still I'm too big for a Bentley. You are your car, what could represent me?. Too Godly to be a Bugatti, you honestly. Must design me somethin' Tommy Mottonic from Queens had before the 90's. Drug dealer car, rush to the bar. Move, niggas! We don't give a fuck who you are. Black card heavy like a magnet in my stitched denims. Pretty women see them saggin'. Bet a hundred stacks niggas'll run it back. Just havin' fun, I ain't even begun to black. Light another blunt in fact, haha...For the hustlers, thick as yellow bitches for the suck of it. Got a bunch of niggas in prison braggin'. Saying, It was Nas I used to hustle with. I display fashions while my lungs engage hashish. Guns on my waist, past this. Since I'm cakin' up, put funds in my safe, laughin'. And joinin' the blunt passin' you niggas was straight assin'. Excuse the vulgarity, I'm still not fully adjusted. Or used to the new fans hearin' me spit rapidly. I never see the whips niggas be claimin' they drivin'. I guess entertainment means blatantly lyin'. Fake it 'til you make it, I've driven those toys. Been in them wars, in the streets, cops kickin' in doors. For my team nigga, your flow cheap as limousine liquor. I’m no fake rap CD listener, sit back and roll a mean swisher. For my G's, tell these clowns make room for the king, niggaIt ain't hard to tell, I excel and prevail. The mic comes in contact with the third rail. My raps react, they attack the whack just like a maniac. With this, see I'm a brainiac. I'll call you tattoo, you never come off. I flip the script with a sawed-off, boss. A modern Shakespeare—reincarnated. Brains are elevated, I'm bein' R rated. This style is terror, drastic. Meltin' the plastic, and I eat mics just like acid. Burn your pen and pads, mics you'll need not. 'Cause I be packin' like a Rasta in a weed spot. Hittin' your heart with a hollow-tip verbally illin'. Minds manipulated, my raps are nickel-plated. I execute raps like I'm swingin' an axe around. This is a mic shut down. Notify the President—that I'm bombin' your residence. And I'm leavin' no evidence. Voice box yells, lyrics'll excel. Rappers gettin' smoked, you can smell the hot shells. Your style is fake, snake, well dramatized. You might as well be a singer but ain't harmin' Nas. Here's the break, I can translate lyrics so well. I excel, it ain't hard to tellI got a case of vocal fever, I'm here to make you a believer. Nas wrecks the tweeters and receivers. Lyrics will explode, my brain overloads. Gimme a Grammy, competition is dead just like Sammy. I leave minds magnetized like slaves. Your style is old fashion like waves. Holdin' a pistol at a pastor, pullin' the trigger faster. Tell 'em I was sent by his Master. But that topic's too deep for your ear. Here's the science you can comprehend clear. Advanced intellectual, a time bomb speeder. I'll know your whole card just like a palm reader. Non-stop, I'm bustin' heads like the FEDs baby pops. This is not the Kindergarten Cop. Put on your blindfold, I'ma release and stand tall. I detonate bombs at the Policeman's Ball. This is art from the heart, I leave 'em marked for death. In each breath, in this game, I'm the ref. Already I'm ill but I can only get better. With lyrics as pretty as a nickel-plated Beretta. I master dialects, of uncommon languages. A black man caught by the Klan couldn't hang with this. These are proverbs, copy cat attackers, huh. I'm wanted dead 'cause I'ma genocide to rappers. Battlin' Nas is dead when my brain reacts. You might as well have fell asleep on a train track. This ain't the same track that you're used to. This is rhythmatic, automatic, try it, you oughta have it. Slaughter your tape recorder; givin' thanks to my supporters. And keep flowin' like water. No matter the obstacle, Nasty Nas will prevail. Ayo, it ain't hard to tellCheck it. I catch wreck with my intellect, suckers are incorrect. I'm gonna win 'cause you slept. On Nas, word is bond, I leave the microphone torn. False rappers, you need to write your own song. Metaphors are murder, man, hittin' like Roberto Duran. Hold the mic in my hand, my life span. Imitators will sweat me like gym class. Your raps are fat, shit, then I'll be Slim Fast. New rap recruits I salute then delete 'em. Verbally eat 'em, because my ears don't need 'em. Nas is a terrorist, analyst. Swingin' my fists like a nigga breakin', possessed by Satan. You couldn't compete with a beat that was fast or slow. Brothers is gettin' shipped out like I was Castro. I can eat your flavor but I'm not a candy lover. I use a Lethal Weapon, just like Danny Glover. Execute monologues, sabotage entourage. Mutilate mics like a maniac at large. I talk with slang, and use my brain. Generate pain, penetrate your vein. Move like a maniac, Nas is nice, son. Talk to your conscience and hit like Tyson. No competition, 'cause I cause wonders. Nas will battle rappers by the football numbers. A motor mouth killer, rhyme writin' thriller. Hold a Mac-11, and attack a reverend. Don't sleep 'cause you might not wake. I speak deep, dialects I translate. Me and friends commit sins on the regular. Murder my competitors, and et cetera. Nas is a gypsy Egyptian. Flippin' the script and microphone manufacturers are victims. My voice makes your ear drums swell. It ain't hard to tellI had bad chicks that blow cum bubbles like bubblegum. Plus they ass lick, summer house be sippin' rum. Layin' lazy in the recliner, couple days. In my ashtray, smoke signals from the haze. I stick my finger through it, the ring of smoke broke. That symbolize weak guys, pop the strong link off. The infrastructure caves in, amazin'. I ain't have to read The Art of War to slay men. Serve niggas, bird niggas speakin' reckless. When their momma love the kid's records I made. You gutless, you don't know struggle. Throw a couple shells at you, hell grabs you. Nail stabs a hand of the Nasirine. I carried the cross to help you afford that plasma screen. Gave you chumps a path to walk, hold my hand. I'mma guide you like the OG, but don't talk, don't get it confused. Cause none of y'all can fit in my shoes. Y'all made of chemicals, artificial actions. God'll forgive you bastards. Only if you repent to the Nazareth SavageI squeeze nipples like pimples to get the puss, get it?. Form a crew, swallow forty cal. bullets after dinner's finished. Wash it down with a shot of tequila, pocket full of scrilla. Can't come close to, Francis Coppola, Samson -- no Delilah. You're pint-sized, I'm Mike's eyes with the gladiator tattoos on it. You scared to look too long at, sit on a don's lap. Tell you a story shorty, spicy like Lawry's. Chickenheads and orgies, criminals that draw heat in their late forties. Drug habits, love grabbin' kids up like yours. Sendin' you a picture of them in their drawers with black eyes. Savage guys, you hire Magnum PI's to bag up my guys. Said you was a thug with a good disguise, try to protect your cabbage. You're runnin' from the Nazareth SavageSon's back with flows, they say mine is very scary. Smell fear like a canine that finds buried babies. And all of y'all wear that same aroma. How to blow on your eighth LP, I'll show ya. You're wack nigga, face it. In the history of the game, you have no placement. Liquor and weed just massacred their mind, or thee celebrity. Or they couldn't change with time, so now they run they mouth. But when the sun go south, them guns come out. My cavalry woulda been through ten in your skin. Casualty you don't wanna be, don't want it with me. Straight savageUh, it's a new world, it's a new world. It's a new world, it's a new world. Uh, it's a new world, it's a new worldYo, celebrate the new life. New ways to make money. New ways to break dummies. Forge they name and take money. Computers ain't that smart. Whatever man built could be taken apart. Anything new can get old. Like dudes started rockin' platinum, some stopped wearin' gold. Solar-energized rides, no steerin' wheel, tell it how to drive. No propellers in the sky. Airplanes like many rockets. Waitin lists for the rich to get tickets to visit Mars. While the poor people starve, computers takin' over they jobs. A man's forced to live off land. Now it's back to the caveman era. When we made fire, by two sticks rubbin' together. The truth is, many are too scared of new data. America Online, cut off, see you laterYo, welcome to the new world, new beginnin'. A new way to play, a new way a livin'. Cash is the past, a new way a spendin'. New life for man, children, and women. Yo, welcome to the new world, new beginnin'. A new way to play, a new way a livin'. Cash is the past, a new way a spendin'. New life for man, children, and womenYo, the new Mike Tyson's Roy Jones. Bill Clinton's the new JFK, without the hole in his dome. The new Don Trump is Bill Gates. Not because his occupation, it's 'cause we respect his cake. And cake mean his stock, net gross. Young kids step it up, go for the most. New cameras in police cars takin' pictures. New hustlas gettin' new street figures. And US embassies overseas. Almost every foreign country's under siege. Covertly startin' wars, CIA, NAVY Seals. Commit larcenies that be worth over mil's. Oil in the earth spills. Girls blow they body up, birth control pills. African's pick diamonds out a dark caves. Then we wear it on our necks just so we can light up the stageYo, welcome to the new world, new beginnin'. A new way to play, a new way a livin'. Cash is the past, a new way a spendin'. New life for man, children, and womenSay goodbye to the brainwashed. Say goodbye to the young kids who not smart. Say goodbye to the toasters and Pop-Tarts. Yo, it's real. Swallow a little pill, there's a four-course meal. Say hello to the one world. Say hello to the sky, something's out there watchin' you and I. More enticin' than Star Trek, StarTAC phones. Your genes and DNA is used to make clones. You got CD-Rom, everything operates by computers. Then what happens when circuit breaks?. Y2K's the big scare. Scientists say we ain't prepared. What I feel is contrare. Alexander Graham Bell made telephones, yes. But now we request for your e-mail address. I might be old fashioned, stuck in my ways. But nothin' make me more happier than seein' todayYo, welcome to the new world, new beginnin'. A new way to play, a new way a livin'. Cash is the past, a new way a spendin'. New life for man, children, and womenI'm oblivious to you skeptics. What you hear you ain't ever hear 'til I repped it. Iridescent heroes essence, please clear the exits. I chase demons outdoors, force 'em to hear the message, air 'em out. Heard some people discussing my whereabouts. Yeah, it's been a few sightings of me, a fair amount. Never seen much, but yet I'm never in the house. Move in style, wild, exciting when I do step out. Y'all been rhyming for years and Jungle made a hit. Oochie Wally I did. Sold a million records. Had 'em embarrassed. Signed to Columbia. Blew a check, he was laughing. While y'all in the studio bragging about your past and. Thinking back on trips on Manhattan. Dad was rolling hotels like The Plaza. Black bellhops holding. Rich people bags, tip their hats to old men coming out of cabs. Limousine holding doors for them. We all got a job to do, go for itNo bad energy, please, no bad energy. (Just try to be the best you, man. That's all I can say, man). No bad energy, please, no bad energy. (Don't light over here, man. Put that away, man, put that away). No bad energy, please, no bad energy. (Tryna tell 'em, know what I'm saying?. Big Apple my Hennessy, please). No bad energy, please, no bad energy. (On the rocks, yeah)To rappers who never sold crack, telling other people's lives. Never shot nobody but be shooting people in their rhymes. Never robbed nobody or re-upped with coke in they ride. I'm probably who they talking about when they're writing most of their lines. And I ain't notice it. Trapping was what was happening with bolder cliques. Around me I'm surrounded by the most devoted clique. We saw the smokers get rowdy for all the potentness. And still ain't know how sick it was in that ocean abyss. What doesn't come out in the wash comes out in the rinse. You suckers ain't had no say so. Whoever put you in the position to have a say so should be questioned theyself. I'm silk shirts, summer time sunny, sun chaser. Pretty girl tongue taster, southern girl luster. City girl love maker. The matinee watcher. The good weather on a Saturday afternoon shopper. Good gift copper. Still miss Big PoppaNo bad energy, please, no bad energy. No bad energy, please, no bad energy. No bad energy, please, no bad energy. No bad energy, please, no bad energyUhh, uhh. Uhhh, uhhh, uhhhNo idea's original, there's nothing new under the sun. It's never what you do, but how it's done. What you base your happiness around? Material, women, and large paper. That means you inferior, not major. No idea's original, there's nothing new under the sun. It's never what you do, but how it's done. What you base your happiness around? Material, women, and large paper. That means you inferior, not majorIf niggas could look inside my mind, you'll find. Where bodies are buried, first look past the hotties who dimes. Go to the center, enter with caution, past the brain cell graveyard. Where weed's responsible for memory loss. Let's witness, the horrific, the stench'll make you nauseous. See what I seen every day I live with this torture. Lightin' spliffs up to stay high like 24 hours. Sleep with my heat, wash with my gun in the shower. My tongue is power, it thrills women, kills demons. Long as I'm still breathin' I'm still winnin', I'll teach 'em. The hood converted from trey bags to 20's a girl. Everybody had money, every summer was real ill. Four-finger rings, dope dealers, 'caine/Kane. No Half Steppin' with flat tops when Rakim reigned. Radios on card tables, Benetton, the Gods buildin'. Ask for today's mathematics, we Allah's children. And this was goin' on in every New York ghetto. Kids listened, Five Percenters said it's pork in Jell-o. We coincide, we in the same life, maybe a time difference. On a different coast, but we share the same sunlight. You're part of the world, might be like colors and gangs. While on my side, brothers'll murder for different things. But it all revolve around drugs, fame and shorties. Stuck for your bling, stripped for your chain, the same story. From, Czechoslovakia to Texas metropolis. Them treacherous rastas in the Mexican mafias. Be scrappin' with tats on they back, violent wars. Nothin' less than a lethal injection if ever caught. Courtrooms, eagles and flags, American style. While in our world, the ghetto stays incredibly foul. Watchin' for paint chips, don't want no lead in yo' child. But them gangstas put lead in yo' child, the bezzy be out. The chain be like a hundred K. Shinin' since Roxanne Shante' made Runaway; that's been a minute. Genesis is deep, my features are that of a God. It's not a facade it's a fact, these rappers wanna be Nas. My Exodus doesn't exist, I'll never leave the streets, it's all in my mind. Even with sleep I'm duckin' nines in my dreams. Si-rens, wide awake, why'd I think it would change. Can't hide when you famous or even try to do the same things. Like, somebody's always watchin'. My life before I, walk out the door I size up every option. Eyes cut every direction, it's like God or guns. Which is better protection? Can't decide, that's a hard one. I mean they wanna see me in prison, the chains bamboozled. Headline readin' Rapper Slain From a Man Shootin'J.U.S.T.I.C.E. LeaguePS 111 had free lunch. Embarrassed but managed to get a plate.... We was kids hungry. Mom's working, I was famished. She getting home late.... So I decided now I'm in charge. Either stay full or starve. Corner store like Mister, spare-a-quarter. Before Air Jordans, Kareem Abdul-Jabbars. Trying to cop quarters and trying to move that hard. Roll with a shooting squad. How could I not succumb? How could I not partake?. Fifteen, I got a gun. Sixteen, I robbed a train. Licked off a shot for fun. What's got inside my brain?. A hustler's job ain't done, til he becomes a king. But I'm a righteous son, despite I'm in the midst of. Dudes who switch up and change. They wanna carry me like I'm some kind of lame. I never let them though, I just forgive them though. Either that or the pistol blowI remember early mornings, syrup sandwiches, sugar water, yeah. Walking up the dark stairwells, elevators was out of order, yeah. Worth two hundred million now. Bicentennial nigga, flat screens and condominiums. Brazilian women on Xannies they pulling off panties. I'm pushing forty, she only twenty-one. Don't applaud me, I'm exhausted G. Me and my red cup, my blunt and my red cup. Y'all wouldn't know me without one, I keep a fresh cut. Remember talking to Biggie inside his Lex truck. Said stay fly when you bummy, keep your pajamas Armani. Hood forever, I just act like I'm civilized. Really what's in my mind is organizing a billion Black motherfuckers. To take over J.P. and Morgan, Goldman and Sachs. And teach the world facts and give Saudi they oil back1990's Polo Ralph Lauren on him. Gone a few years, the whole world snoring on him. Girls all up on him. I spread em, hit 'em and dead 'em. She says, third leg from a legend is sheer heaven. She says, it is the greatest loving. The tales you hear is the truth on me. Who wasn't the most faithful husband. Reveal my life, you will forgive me. You will love me, hate me, judge me, relate to me. Only a few will, this how it sounds when you're too real. They think it's just music still. Well I am a graphic classic song composer. Music notes on sheets, I wrote this piece to get closure. Some of y'all might know Kelis. This goes to her with love, also goes to y'all, let's see. The craziest things already happened to me. So either you'll be laughing at me or you're laughing with me, haEscobar season begins. Ayo, we ain't posin' for no pictures in 2018. Candid shit only. Scared motherfuckersBlack Kemet gods (yeah), black Egyptian gods (let's go). Summoned from heaven, blessed, dressed in only Goyard. Homie go hard like Stone and Robert in a stolen car. Shoot the ballot box, no voter card, they all are frauds. Senegal's finest, minerals, diamonds. The Earth is cursed but I survive many climates. Calm and thoroughly, they try to Hyman Roth me. John Fitzgerald me, the industry never bought me. (You know God sent me here). Fear will make you reveal who you really are. Feel me God? Be solid, your foes hold you in ill regard. This ain't knowledge, this is not intense. For honored men, women too. Us who can see the same thing, but have a different view (let's go). All of a sudden, frontin' niggas knew you from your past. Got all kinds of guys sayin' we go way back. And who y'all comparin' me to is nonsense. Show gratitude in the presence of dominanceI think they scared of us, yeah. I think they scared of us. I think they scared of us, yeah. I think they scared. To Catholics…To Catholics, Moors and Masons (motherfuckers!). John Hanson was not the first black pres to make it. Abe Lincoln did not free the enslaved. Progress was made 'cause we forced the proclamation. (Fuck your proclamation!). SWAT was created to stop the Panthers. Glocks were created for murder enhancement. For hunting men, circumstances. Edgar Hoover was black. Willie Lynch is a myth, Colombians created crack. The government made stacks (welcome to America, niggas!). Reagan had Alzheimer's, that's true. Fox News was started by a black dude, also true (fuck you too!). Convinced my experiences were meant to be. Helps me navigate as they validate they treachery. Felt established, fake as he smile, handshake questionable. Am I good? he ask, thinkin', But is he testin' you?. (Is he testin' you?) In my hood, fear does a few things. Make you pussy, make you a snitch. Make irrational moves or even turn you to foodI think they're scared of us, yeah. I think they're scared of us. I think they're scared of us, yeah. I think they scared. I think they scared of us, yeah. I think they scared of us. See, we don't care about what you think about us. I think they scared of us, yeah. What you say about us. I think they scared. You bitch ass, yeahAyo, that's why they be killing us and shooting us. That's why they feel uncomfortable around us. 'Cause of our greatness. You're lucky God made us compassionate. And forgiving. Pssh, man, they scared of us, Nas. We see that bitch in your eyesWhat nigga! What bitch-ass niggas! What!. Babe, babe, start the car!. (Nasir, come on, let's go!. Get in the car now, let's go! Throw it out, let's go!. Aight, aight, aight, yeah. But I got 'em. But I got 'em, though. (This is crazy, why didn't you just throw it out of the car?. This is so stupid, what are you doing?. Why are we even out here?. Why are we out here? What's going on?. This is retarded, yo, we gotta…. This is crazy. Never again. You'd throw everything away, for what?Yeah, my man Kool G Rap told me, Son, do not look back. Chill up in the mansion with a fat glutious max, relax. When people act schoolin' with facts, tell 'em. At this point in my life I'm all about chillin'. Ridin' around in something sick and the dress flies. And twist, homie's hermano just died, I gotta let it ride. That's what I got the public thinkin', my nigga. Just ‘cause I ain't in the hood don't mean shit, my nigga. I know who died before the body dropped. I know the guns that were used. How much money the shooter got. ‘Cause on the private yacht I'm still within earshot of it all. The top ten list of the most grimiest guys of all time. Is all we talk when we talk in New York, y'all. Who to call and who to stay away from. Whose mother's address to have just to play it safe, son. Women they lust up so quick to give 'em up. What cars and what trucks they drive in. What towns they spend the most time in when they grindin'. I found out most of them are cowards. They hidin' behind reputations that's sour; I'm not going backFirst thing that happen when you make a little paper. You think the Marriot is livin' in a skyscraper. Till you come across some ever more flyer paper. Realize that five-star tellies are even greater. Terry-cloth robes, elegance, movie shit. Heated-up marble floors with jacuzzis in it. First-class flights, diamonds in your crucifixes. All those things, you still ain't really doing shit, kid. ‘Cause in reality, I'll earn my salary. The way I flaunted it then would now embarrass me. It kinda make me wanna hate bling. It's a race thing how they sell blacks to bootleg shit. In fact, real millionaires spend 60 mil on paintings. Whores charge niggas with raping. ‘Cause we come out doors of Maybach cars. Watch us make bets on race tracks, smokin' cigars. So they counter the laws to take what's ours. 'Bout 500K on a lawyer to beat the charge. So you can't stop us from making a billion dollars. Instead of going back, I'm buying the projects. But I'm not going back. The hood's in me forever y'all, but I'm not going backAnd of course y'all know what I'm not going back to. Those no friends of mine… (And I'm not going back to). Ten carat gold, it shine… (And I'm never going back to). Sony, if they don't have dough to sign…. (Not going back to). Y'all know that I'm not going back to. Those liars who would… (Not going back to). Not help you if they could… (Not going back to). Coke on the stove in the hood…. Y'all should know that I'm not going back. The hood's in me forever y'all, but I'm not going backA lot of times it seems like, you ain't gon' make it where you wanna be in life. But, yo if you got a plan, believe me you gon' get there. You gon' get everything you ever wanted baby. That's my wordTrust, my niggas come home from long bids. They check for me before they see their own kids. I open up accounts for 'em, we bounce tourin'. Major cities, arenas, headline with big time singers. Cop Ferraris with navigational screens. Guide us through your hood and any locality, head back to Queens. Piped out seats, Oakwood MB cord speakers. Bumpin' out old shit. That made me think of Old Easters '86 in a Le Tigre short sleeves. Lees, flip the cuffs up, gettin' fucked up. From Old E, Fresh Fest, niggas got hurt. 100 niggas rush the door with Queensbridge tournament shirts. Back then, nobody wore a vest. Pull out razors, you had to put your hand skills to the test. Get your Pumas took, come home barefoot willin'. Look at the chain, I snatched with a medallion worth a thousand. Cops rushed the garden made it home smilin'. Half of the crew probably on the island. Project call play puff ball the hoop was made out of a hanger. Playin' corners stick the elevator never thought. Project life was promised nothin' but to die trife. For steppin' on the next man's Nikes, my motto look for tomorrow. Today is yesterday look at the hood now, I'm mad that it turned out that way. Gats spray these shorties is killers. The older G's taught us well, what's wild now is that they're smaller. And they look at me like I'm on the outside lookin' in. Like 'who's you' when I cruise through. I call shorty took him in watch your friends, get ends. Be clever, realize that today's the first day that begins foreverEverything will eventually come to an end. So try to savor the moment, 'cause time flies, don't it?. The beauty of life, you gotta make it last for the better. 'Cause nothin' lasts forever. Everything will eventually come to an end. So try to savor the moment, 'cause time flies, don't it?. The beauty of life, you gotta make it last for the better. 'Cause nothin' lasts foreverNice cars, livin' like a star club hoppin'. Poppin' bottles at the bar love shoppin'. Gucci, Iceberg, coppin' two, three nice furs. One for your wife, one for your freak silver spurs. Rolls Royce too good to be true, houses worth 2.2. Pool parties beautiful view. You made it in life, Forbes Magazine style baggy jeans style. Pass the green while hoes wit' meanwhile. Asses, pretty mommies illest bodies pass glasses. Louis Roderra with Peach Schnapps you just relaxin'. Thinkin', Damn, wish my niggas could afford this. On the sand at your Malibu house holdin' a cordless. Talkin' to lawyers accountants investments. Money doubles, triples protected hard work you manifested. Worries of failure, when you buried with your familia. Keep your name prosperin' to the maximum. You should live, there's only one life that's the physical. Rich or poor in jail why the fuck should you be miserable. Things happen for reasons, the clock keeps tickin'. Love could have your heart beat skippin', thugs turn to religion. The bitch you love could start to hate you. The shit you use to do escape you. Things that make you laugh represent the past. Reminisce the block gamble gees on the floor. Niggas use to be the man, you don't see 'em no more. Your favorite restaurants and favorite stores, they tore 'em down. Turned 'em into shopping malls the hood is like a ghost town. Haunted by souls who thought that time stood still. Just live your life to the fullest, never look back, it's realEverything will eventually come to an end. So try to savor the moment, 'cause time flies, don't it?. The beauty of life, you gotta make it last for the better. 'Cause nothin' lasts forever. Everything will eventually come to an end. So try to savor the moment, 'cause time flies, don't it?. The beauty of life, you gotta make it last for the better. 'Cause nothin' lasts foreverYa know, ya know, nothin' lasts forever ya know. Let it go, let it goWhat up, kid? I know shit is rough doin' your bid. When the cops came you shoulda slid to my crib. Fuck it, black, no time for lookin' back, it's done. Plus, congratulations, you know you got a son. I heard he looks like ya, why don't your lady write ya?. Told her she should visit, that's when she got hyper. Flippin', talkin' about he acts too rough. He didn't listen, he be riffin' while I'm tellin' him stuff. I was like, Yeah, shorty don't care, she a snake too. Fuckin' with them niggas from that fake crew that hate you. But yo, guess who got shot in the dome-piece?. Jerome's niece, on her way home from Jones Beach. It's bugged, plus little Rob is sellin' drugs on the dime. Hangin' out with young thugs that all carry 9's. And night time is more trife than ever. What up with Cormega? Did you see him? Are y'all together?. If so, then hold the fort down, represent to the fullest. Say what's up to Herb, Ice and Bullet. I left a half a hundred in your commissary. You was my nigga when push came to shove. (One what?) One love!Dear Born, you'll be out soon, stay strong. Out in New York the same shit is goin' on. The crackheads stalkin', loudmouths is talkin'. Hold, check out the story yesterday when I was walkin'. That nigga you shot last year tried to appear. Like he hurtin' somethin'. Word to mother, I heard him frontin'. And he be pumpin' on your block. Your man gave him your Glock. And now they run together — what up, son? Whatever. Since I'm on the streets I'ma put it to a cease. But I heard you blew a nigga with a ox for the phone piece. Wildin' on the Island, but now in Elmira. Better chill, ‘cause them niggas will put that ass on fire. Last time you wrote you said they tried you in the showers. But maintain, when you come home the corner's ours. On the reals, all these crab niggas know the deal. When we start the revolution all they probably do is squeal. But chill, see you on the next V-I. I gave your mom dukes loot for kicks, plus sent you flicks. Your brother's buckwildin' in 4-Main, he wrote me. He might beat his case, 'til he come home I'll play it lowkey. So stay civilized, time flies. Though incarcerated your mind dies. I hate it when your moms cries. It kinda makes me want to murder, for reala. I even got a mask and gloves to bust slugs, but one loveSometimes I sit back with a Buddha sack. Mind's in another world, thinkin'. How can we exist through the facts?. Written in school text books, bibles, et cetera. Fuck a school lecture, the lies get me vexed-er. So I be ghost from my projects. I take my pen and pad for the weekend. Hittin' L's while I'm sleepin'. A two-day stay, you may say I need the time alone. To relax my dome, no phone, left the 9 at home. You see the streets had me stressed somethin' terrible. Fuckin' with the corners have a nigga up in Bellevue. Or HDM, hit with numbers from eight to 10. A future in a maximum state pen is grim. So I comes back home, nobody's out but Shorty Doo-Wop. Rollin' two phillies together: in the Bridge we call 'em oo-wops. He said: Nas, niggas caught me bustin' off the roof. So I wear a bulletproof and pack a black tre-deuce.. He inhaled so deep, shut his eyes like he was sleep. Started coughin', one eye peeked to watch me speak. I sat back like The Mack, my army suit was black. We was chillin' on these benches. Where he pumped his loose cracks. I took the L when he passed it, this little bastard. Keeps me blasted and starts talkin' mad shit. I had to school him, told him don't let niggas fool him. ‘Cause when the pistol blows. The one that's murdered be the cool one. Tough luck when niggas are struck, families fucked up. Coulda caught your man, but didn't look when you bucked up. Mistakes happen, so take heed, never bust up. At the crowd, catch him solo, make the right man bleed. Shorty's laugh was cold-blooded as he spoke so foul. Only 12, tryin' to tell me that he liked my style. Then I rose, wipin' the blunt's ash from my clothes. Then froze, only to blow the herb smoke through my nose. And told my little man I'ma ghost, I broze. Left some jewels in his skull that he can sell if he chose. Words of wisdom from Nas: try to rise up above. Keep an eye out for Jake, Shorty Wop, one loveTo all my niggas locked up. From Queensbridge and all over. To my manOne time, yeah, yeahYo, all I need is one mic, one beat, one stage. One nigga front, my face on the front page. Only if I had one gun, one girl and one crib. One God to show me how to do things his son did. Pure, like a cup of virgin blood. Mixed with 151, one sip'll make a nigga flip. Writin' names on my hollow tips, plottin' shit. Mad violence, who I'm gon' body? This hood politics. Acknowledge it, leave bodies chopped up in garbages. Seeds watch us, grow up and try to follow us. Police watch us, roll up and try knockin' us. One knee I ducked, could it be my time is up?. But my luck, I got up, the cop shot again. Bus stop, glass burst, a fiend drops his Heineken. Ricochetin' between the spots that I'm hidin' in. Blackin' out as I shoot back—fuck gettin' hit!. This is my hood, I'ma rep to the death of it. 'Til everybody come home, little niggas is grown. Hoodrats, don't abortion your womb. We need more warriors soon. Sent from the stars, sun and the moon. In this life of police chases, street sweepers and coppers. Stick-up kids with no conscience, leavin' victims with doctors. If you really think you ready to die with 9s out. This is what Nas is 'bout, nigga, the time is now!Yo, all I need is one mic. All I need is one mic (that's all I need). All I need is one mic (all I need, niggas). All I need is one mic (yeah)All I need is one blunt, one page and one pen. One prayer, tell God forgive me for one sin. Matter of fact, maybe more than one. Look back at all the hatred against me—fuck all of them!. Jesus died at age 33, there's 33 shots. From twin Glocks, there's 16 apiece, that's 32. Which means one of my guns was holdin' 17. 27 hit your crew, six went into you. Everybody gotta die sometime, hope your funeral. Never gets shot up, bullets tear through the innocent. Nothin' is fair, niggas roll up, shootin' from wheelchairs. My heart is racin', tastin' revenge in the air. I let this shit slide for too many years, too many times. Now I'm strapped with a couple of MACs, too many 9s. If y'all niggas really with me, get busy, load up the semis. Do more than just hold it, explode the clip until you empty. There's nothin' in our way: they bust, we bust, they rush, we rush. Lead flyin', feel it? I feel it in my gut. That we take these bitches to war, lie 'em down. 'Cause we stronger now, my nigga, the time is now!All I need is one mic (that's all I need, niggas, that's all I need). All I need is one mic (there's nothin' else in the world). All I need is one mic (that's all a nigga need to do his thing y'know). All I need is one mic (this is all I need)All I need is one life, one try, one breath, I'm one man. What I stand for speaks for itself, they don't understand. Don't wanna see me on top, too egotistical. Talkin' all that slick shit the same way these bitches do. Wonder what my secrets is. Niggas'll move on you only if they know what your weakness is. I have none, too late to grab guns. I'm blastin' ‘cause I'm a cool nigga. Thought I wouldn't have that ass done? Fooled you niggas. What you call an infinite brawl, eternal souls clashin'. War gets deep, some beef is everlastin'. Complete with thick scars. Brothers knifin' each other up in prison yards. Drama, where does it start?. You know the block was ill as a youngster. Every night it was like a cop'll get killed. Body found in the dumpster. For real a hustler, purchased my Range. Niggas throwin' dirt on my name. Jealous ‘cause fiends got they work and complain. Bitches left me ‘cause they thought I was finished. Shoulda knew she wasn't true. She came to me when her man caught a sentence. Diamonds are blindin', I never make the same mistakes. Movin' with a change of pace. Lighter load, see now the king is straight. Swellin' my melon ‘cause none of these niggas real. Heard they were tellin' police, how can a kingpin squeal?. This is crazy, I'm on the right track, I'm finally found. You need some soul-searchin', the time is nowAll I need is one mic (yeah, yeah yeah yeah). All I need is one mic (all I ever needed in this world, fuck cash). All I need is one mic (fuck the cars, the jewelry). All I need is one mic (to spread my voice to the whole world, baby)One time for your mind, one time. Yeah, whatever. One time for your mind, one time. Yo, whatever. One time for your mind, one time. Hey yo, Nas? Kick that fuckin' rhyme!Check it out, when I'm chilling, I grab the buddha. Get my crew to buy beers. And watch a flick, illin' and root for the villain, huh. Plus every morning, I go out and love it sort of chilly. Then I send a shorty from my block to the store for Phillies. After being blessed by the herb's essence. I'm back to my rest, ten minutes, some odd seconds. That's where I got the honey at, spends the night for sexin'. Keep lubrication, Lifestyle protection. Picking up my stereo's remote control quickly. Ron G's in the cassette deck, rocking the shit, G. I try to stay mellow, rock, well a cappella rhymes'll. Make me richer than a slipper made Cinderella, fella. Go get your crew, Hobbes, I'm prepared to bomb troops. Y'all niggas was born, I shot my way out my mom dukes. When I was ten I was a hip-hoppin' shorty wop. Known for rocking microphones and twisting off a 40 topOne time for your mind, one time. Yeah, whatever. One time for your mind, one time. It sounds clever. Hey yo, Nas? Fuck that, man, that shit was phat. But kick that for them gangstas, man fuck all that!. Right, rightWhat up, niggas, how y'all? It's Nasty, the villain. I'm still writing rhymes, but besides that I'm chillin'. I'm tryin' to get this money, God. You know the hard times, kid. Shit, cold, be starving make you wanna do crimes kid. But I'ma lamp, ‘cause a crime couldn't beat a rhyme. Niggas catching 3 to 9's, Muslims yelling Free the mind. And I'm from Queensbridge, been to many places. As a kid when I would say that out of town, niggas chased us. But now I know the time, got a older mind. Plus control a 9, fine, see now I represent mine. I'm new on the rap scene, brothers never heard of me. Yet I'm a menace, yo, police wanna murder me. Heini Dark drinker, represent the thinker. My pen rides the paper, it even has blinkers. Think I'll dim the lights, then inhale, it stimulates. Floating like I'm on the North 95 Interstate. Never plan to stop, when I write my hand is hot. And expand a lot from the Wiz to Camelot. The parlayer, I'll make your heads bop, pa. I shine a light on perpetrators, like a cop's car. From day to night, I play the mic and you'll thank God. I wreck shit so much, the microphone'll need a paint job. My brain is incarcerated. Live at any jam, I couldn't count all the parks I've raided. I hold a MAC-11, and attack a reverend. I contact eleven L's and max in heavenOne time for your mind, one time. It sounds clever. One time for your mind, one time. Yeah, whatever. One time for your mind, one time. Yo, from '92 to '99Yeah, that shit was crazy fat, pa. Know what I’m sayin'?. But check it, you got another verse for me. I want you to kick it, you know what I'm sayin'?. Kick that shit for the projectsYeah, finally up in this nigga. Let's pay homage to Illmatic. Let's put the crown where it's at 10 years. Never been done this real by nobodyTo my seed, may I lead you into no greed or evil. In the categories of stories I breed my sequel. You know the money, blues, blunts, broken 22's. Monkey see, monkey do, shorty sipping sunny dew. Now it's V.S.O.P. in a Phantom, mad smoky. Murder trees, cruising gat in the stash so it won't poke me. Up in the Trump Plaza, Suite 3010. Don't make no noise cause we dirty, tell 'em hoes hurry in. We got the room lit up with perfume and mad boom. And there's video taping blooming asses on the zooming lens. Rollin on you nondescript niggas, you're marked for death. Like Colombians with bad coke that gyp niggas. Tilt the dutch, twisted up the uwee if you're skilled enough. In Will we trust, salute the dead the nine mili bustsTo the hood, may this be the day that we pop them bottles. This is mandatory, what if there's not tomorrow?. You know the murder rate, jealousy, you heard 'em say. He say, she say, I'm 'bout cheddar, he don't deserve to make. Sipping clear liquor with niggas, that talk sideways. Listening close, to every word in case they violate. Up in the projects Apartment 5D. Spark a lea' it's 'bout the reed, counting everything the block see. We 'bout to need to take the corners from them cowards. Get it on so y'all can move more coke powder, by the hour. Hold in case we gotta rip niggas, loaded. Teflon coated projectiles'll flip niggas. From ninth grade to lightweight to grams to my mans with guns in hand. Police vans, they missed the summers againYeah, power to the people, death to the phonies. This beast to the mic one two check, y'all fed-e-rallies on me. And they look like you approachin me like how you, homie?. The F.B.I. see only one problem, they try to slump me. After the young black male cause he makes a lot of money. So hustlers make crack sales cause they deprived and hungry. My country hates that I could run free state to state with hunnies. While making cake with real golded plate rims on Humvees. The bush stroker, the kush smoker, nigga. Just when you thought it was over look over your shoulders. I'm 30 now, baby sip drinks and sip 'em slow. Motto no stress, smoking less than I did befo'. You see the kid was broke 'til I spitted vivid expressions. Of hard living ghetto children, of a lesser God. Religion was fast women, expensive cars. Y'all witnessin over 10 years, the best of NasOo-chie wally wally, oo-chie bang bang. Oo-chie wally wally, oo-chie bang bang. Oo-chie wally wally, oo-chie bang bang. Oo-chie wally wally. . He really really really work my body. He really really really turned me out. He really really really got to gut me. He really really made me scream and shout. He really taught me how to work my body. He really taught me how to go down south. He really really tried to hurt me hurt me. I really love his thug and gangsta styleYo we got chicks in the living room getting it on and. They ain't leaving till 6 in the morning. O is for oochie. Oh you ain't know how many O's in the bankroll. Sort of like the game show, Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?. But my name ain't Regis. Nas the one they call when they want their thing beat up. Honeys with bodies with Bravehearts, guns in the party. Waves, braids, and baldies, trademark's the army. Is that Horse? It must be, I heard he husky. Yeah, there go Jungle, eyes red looking for trouble. And that's Nas dancing with dimes but who his man is?. The imperial thug, it's cold D Grand Wiz. We taking honeys to the crib tonight. Guarantee we gon' get up in they rib tonight. Check the new slang, it's changed, the Braveheart gang, man. When you see me pass then holler oochie bang bangOo-chie wally wally, oo-chie bang bang. Oo-chie wally wally, oo-chie bang bang. Oo-chie wally wally, oo-chie bang bang. Oo-chie wally wally. . He really really really work my body. He really really really turned me out. He really really really got to gut me. He really really made me scream and shout. He really taught me how to work my body. He really taught me how to go down south. He really really tried to hurt me hurt me. I really love his thug and gangsta styleYeah what up ma? Take a look, you hypnotized. On how my long dick stretch your insides. For real ma, with your thick lips and thick thighs. Stroke both holes, pass it to Nas. Or pass it to Naish, or pass it to Jung. Or pass it to Horse, then that ass getting tossed. Fuck a Hustler book, Penthouse or Black Tail. I got bitches sending my niggas flicks in jail. I fuck a bitch face more than her waist for real. And ain't no pussy like new pussy that's how a nigga feel. Bust three times, throw her the peace sign, she sleep. Then my dick sleep and I ain't gotta call her for weeks. Long leg hoes, mo'head hoes, married bitches. Me and my dog fucking them both they got us switching. Is the nigga gangsta? Yeah, that's how I'm living. That's how I'm playing - I got these freak fucking hoes singingOo-chie wally wally, oo-chie bang bang. Oo-chie wally wally, oo-chie bang bang. Oo-chie wally wally, oo-chie bang bang. Oo-chie wally wally. . He really really really work my body. He really really really turned me out. He really really really got to gut me. He really really made me scream and shout. He really taught me how to work my body. He really taught me how to go down south. He really really tried to hurt me hurt me. I really love his thug and gangsta styleLittle young thing go around my dick with your tongue ring. Deep throat my nine inch, gut from the front and. Grind from the side and fuck from behind and. Grab her hair slap her ass, she screaming like she dying. Make her cum four times without even trying. I'll beat that pussy up there's no denying. Hit her where she doodie at, make the booty fat. Little cutie rat walking by with the doobie wrap. Tight blue jeans, Air Max, small Gucci bag. No loot and no job, stay home giving blow jobs. Like no prob, it's simple. Holla out the window it's the project nympho. Fuck my whole crew, you know how we do. You got that good pussy I can share with my people. Be a brave girl, do your thang. Let them titties hang, I'll have all the bitches sayingOo-chie wally wally, oo-chie bang bang. Oo-chie wally wally, oo-chie bang bang. Oo-chie wally wally, oo-chie bang bang. Oo-chie wally wally. . He really really really work my body. He really really really turned me out. He really really really got to gut me. He really really made me scream and shout. He really taught me how to work my body. He really taught me how to go down south. He really really tried to hurt me hurt me. I really love his thug and gangsta styleWhen it comes to sex I'm similar to the Thriller in Manilla. Bitches call me Horse the pussy filler. I'll fuck a big boned or slim chick. Beat that pussy up real quick then send home the bitch. Ain't no sleeping in my bedroom when Henny's in my dick. When Flex drop the bomb I bust a nut on this bitch. Deep throat, ceaser gold or pun wicked hoes. Who like the way I thug and the way I flow. I like head in the Benz, the four door or the Coupe. Head in the staircase, the cellar or the roof. Head in the studio, the bathroom or the booth. Head from a project chick or one with crazy loot. Like Nia Long in a cherry thong with the lights on. Sipping Perignon with Kelly Price on. I pull out my python, I hit it while my wife's gone. Long dick the bitch all night, I'll make her pussy sing the songOo-chie wally wally, oo-chie bang bang. Oo-chie wally wally, oo-chie bang bang. Oo-chie wally wally, oo-chie bang bang. Oo-chie wally wally. . He really really really work my body. He really really really turned me out. He really really really got to gut me. He really really made me scream and shout. He really taught me how to work my body. He really taught me how to go down south. He really really tried to hurt me hurt me. I really love his thug and gangsta styleUh, light somethin', stop frontin'How much money's enough? Think maybe like a trillion figures. Pray my daughter don't wild like the Hilton sisters. That'd kill me yo, filthy rich. My daughter pass it onto the next generation. Throwing carnations at my tombstone. In my new home, meet Mom's in my Yves Saint Laurent suit on. Then we do a dance. Like my man Luther jam, but my verse came first. I stole change out her purse, now I wanna dig her up. Outta the earth, too morbid, lean forward. Toward a new paragraph, Blue carrots, D-class. Strictly that kush in the weed bags. Tryna' figure out what Barry Gordie had put in production. Studio's smokey now, hard like Davin Ruffin. Hit a spliff through a seance, and uh, play on, playaRuby red grapefruit juice with Grey Goose. Rubies in the Jesus piece, pimped out like Snoopy. But a East Coast thing, my girl's stocking. Tied up in a knot top of my bean head. Billion dollar dream head, went from triple beams to digitals. Servin' fiends to minimal, sixty G's. No criminal, no mo', just mo' dough. Mimosas pouring, Oprah's earrings. On fingers while your girl performs cunnilingus. ‘Cause this big money aroma lingers. Barber cleans his blade, then they give me a fade. Hot towel on the face, hot models who vomit. After they eat so they can stay lightweight. Swallowin' my protein like an Ovaltine shake. Come through like Mo Green from Godfather, so clean. Where I step I 'Clorox it', keep twenty G's. On both sides of the thighs, that's four pockets. Eighty thou to browse for the nicest price. But we ain't into buyin' conflict ice. That's the shit they stole from the Congo, and other black soil. True mack fo' you, nappy hair just spinning. Honey gave me a massage with a happy ending. Finest females, I just came on and sprayed her. Got to get your papes on, play on, playaIt's kinda hard for a playa like you. But let me show you how a nigga like me get revenue. What you never do is punk out, what you better do. Never let the game get ahead of you, get a better view. Better yet, a better crew, praise God, I'm a marry you. Get ya holy, carry you, bury you, slowly. Roll me another blunt, stuff it. Lick it, puff it, tuck it, fuck it. That man, that game, that thing it busts. In D-O-Double-G we trust. Yup, yup, young loc with the two steps. He creepin' with two TEC's, they sleepin' with two chicks. Right before we blast, all you heard was two clicks (Bloaw!). End of existence, for instance. Rewind, replay it, re-chop it, remix it, re-twist it. Goddamn, D-O-Double-G, cuz, we missed it. Travel slow, I'm an Indian, but not a Navajo. I smoke the big leaf, end all the big beefs. My hair in two braids, I'm the big chief. La-da-da, be-da-ba-da…. Yeah, break that down, how fresh you are?. The king from Queens, Mr. Escobar. Connect with the best from the West, yes-yes, you are. Oh my God, it's Snoop Dogg and Nas; playa, play onTo my nigga. Who brought me in this world. Ha, that's right niggaMy ol' dad important to the family structure, provider, a God. My moms a queen, that universal team civilized us. My pops maybe was late but always came home. My moms would put us to bed and she would wait on. Soon as he walk in the door she barking. I turned down the Johnny Carson. Jumped out the bed, we grabbed both his legs. Me and my brother, not knowing the pain he gave my mother. Night after night, fighting, yelling at each other. My poppa played the street all day, mama was either home. Or at work, while we played inside the hall way. She sacrifices all she got to feed us. When she was alone she cried by the phone peeping out the window heated. But still I didn't see it, mama hid it from us. We was kids younger, 'til we got bigger, on to. Bigger things that we knew what the time was. That daddy was leaving his crib and mom's lovePoppa was a playa, playa was in poppa. Poppa loved the ladies, never got enough of. The pretty brown round, running round town. (Shhh!) Don't tell your mother what's going down. Poppa was a playa, playa was in poppa. Poppa loved the ladies, never got enough of. The pretty brown round, running round town. (Shhh!) Don't tell your mother what's going downSo many kids I knew, never knew who pop was. That's why I show my pop love. He was still around when I popped up. He could have left my moms pregnant, shook to death. But stayed, watched me crawl 'til I took my first step. To the first grade, to my first fistfight. Right behind me he would stand. No matter how big or tall, he made me fight you like a man. Throw dirt in ya eye, swing my right, scoop your ass and slam. He watched me so I wouldn't get jumped by shorty's fam. Roaches of weed all over my crib, him and moms relaxing. Next thing you know he packing, so then I asked him. What's this white shit on that plate and your face?. And, Poppa, why you butt-ass from the waist. And, who's this lady I'm facing?. Dark skin, you're not my mommy!. He grabbed me up to run some smooth words by me. Promise me things that he would buy me. If I kept my mouth closed and don't tell mommy. He said one day I'll understand, Little me. What's in you is inside mePoppa was a playa, playa was in poppa. Poppa loved the ladies, never got enough of. The pretty brown round, running round town. (Shhh!) Don't tell your mother what's going down. Poppa was a playa, playa was in poppa. Poppa loved the ladies, never got enough of. The pretty brown round, running round town. (Shhh!) Don't tell your mother what's going downUhh, my nigga. Pops told me hold my own. Pops told me value home. Could I help it poppa was a rolling stone?. Who loved the pretty brown round, outta town bound. Trumpet in his jazz band, he touring. At home I play his latest recordings. And it's strange now how I do my thing now, I'm in the game now. Inherited his brainpower, to pull strings and gain power. From weed habits are the same now. No white lines, no trumpets, just tight rhymes. And beats that be pumpin, 'fore he left, he taught me something. A child's young years the most important time to be there. That's why he stayed 'til we grew up, respect is still here. I'm older now, see what having a father's about. One day they can be in your life, next day, they be out. It's not because of you, you know the deal. Him and your moms feel. If they stay together then someone will get killed. I love you still, always will, 'cause that's my nigga. Although you felt you was wrong, I still feel you kid. Life goes on...Black hoods, cops and projects, sewers flooded with foul blockage. The gutter's wild and every child watches. Chains in top locks get ripped off hinges. Doors kicked off, drunks stag off Smirnoff, wipe your beard off. Crippled dope fiends in wheelchairs stare, vision blurry. 'Cause buried deep in they mind are hidden stories. Bet he's a mirror image of that 70's era. He's finished for the rest of his life, 'til he fades out. The liquor store workers miss him but then it plays out. So many ways out the hood, but no signs say out. Mental slavehouse where gats go off, I show off. Niggas up north, prison-ology talk, 'til they time cut off. You should chill if you short, prepare deep thought. To hit the street again, get it on, get this paper and breathe again. Plan to leave somethin' behind. So your name'll live on, no matter what the game lives onLookin' out of my project window (lookin' out). Oh, I feel uninspired. Lookin' out, lookin' out of my project window. (Oh, I'm lookin' out). Oh, it makes me feel, so tiredYo, if this piano's the cake, then my words are the candles. Light it up, make a wish, and them angels will grant you. Impatient once tried, but in those angels and bamboo. They lit it up {*puff puff*}, hit it up {*puff*}, now they dismantled. Think the whole world is crazy, got a nine, watch where you walk Two dollar fine, sign of the times here in New York. Hire Satan, United Nations quietly taken, toll on your soul. Take it or leave it, just my evaluation. Stack loot and guns, teach the girls karate, school your sons not to hate. But to stay awake, 'cause the scars a razor make is nothin' in comparison. To the gas left on this whole mass, if we don't get it controlled fast. Might as well be, laughin' with Malcolm X's assassin as we die slow. Perishin', brain dead from a Ericsson. Words are the medicine, two teaspoons for goons. A cup of it for those thuggin' it, y'all sing the tune, uhhLookin' out of my project window (lookin' out). Oh, I feel uninspired. Lookin' out, lookin' out of my project window. (Oh, I'm lookin' out). Oh, it makes me feel, so tiredAnother day, another dollar, my mother will holla. She said, go and see the world for myself, and my brother should follow. Pops was smooth, from his top to his shoes. Sang the blues, guitar strings he played smokin' his Kool. Duke Ellington hat, picture this yo, seventies cat. He wrote his music in the back of the crib, I did my homework. At night the windows were speakers, pumpin' life out. A fight, people screamin' 'cause somebody pulled a knife out. So I look at this room, I'm hooked to this tune. Every night the same melody, hell sounded so heavenly. But jail was ahead of me, speedin' like amphetamine. Reading's what I should've done, 'cause my imagination would run. I was impatient to get out and become part of the noise out there. I used to stare, five stories down, basketball courts, shot up playgrounds. And I witnessed the murders and police shake-downs. Yo, the hustla's and hoes, drugs and fo'-fo's. This was the life of every kid, lookin' out project windowsOh, outta my window. Lookin' out of my project window (lookin' out). Oh, I feel uninspired. Lookin' out, lookin' out of my project window. (Oh, I'm lookin' out). Oh, it makes me feel, so tired. Lookin' out of my project window (lookin' out). Oh, I feel uninspired. Lookin' out, lookin' out of my project window. (Oh, I'm lookin' out). Oh, it makes me feel, so tiredStarin' out of, out my window. Oh I, feel so tired. Oh yeah, outta my window. Oh, lookin' out, lookin' out of. Lookin' out my window, oh yeah. Makes me, feel so tired. Lookin' out of my project window. Oh, it makes me feel, so tiredLight it, uhh. Light it up, uhhThe whole city is mine, prettiest Don. I don't like the way P. Diddy did Shyne with different lawyers. Why it's mentioned in my rhymes? Fuck it. It's just an intro, hate it or love it, like it, bump it or dump it. Write it, across the stomach spell God son. Life is like a jungle, black, it's like the habitat of Tarzan. Matter of fact, it's harder than most can imagine. Most of my niggas packed in correctional facilities. Half of them passed on, MAC strong, couple of shots. Made the ghost leave a body, now they hauntin' the block. Where they used to stand at, somebody's takin' they place. A younger man perhaps, hand slaps, can't understand that. Same walk, same talk, I wonder can that be possible?. A thug dies, another step inside his shoes. And they will hurt you, layin' low with a bottle. I'm blowin' circles, my state of mind purpleY'all just wanna deal with drama. Talk about niggas who got things, y'all ready to kill his mama. Everything you into is underworld related. You sell your man out, not even your girl is sacred. You don't trust a soul, hold up, you moldin' soldiers. To pull guns quick and always look behind the shoulder. Think of how many dudes died tryna be down with you. Everybody's under six feet of ground but you. Still standin', still roamin' through the streets, that's real. You a survivor, knowin' all the beef is ill. You got a bunch of thugs with you even now that's ready. Trustin' your judgment, quick to put it down, they deadly. The hood love you, but behind your back they pray for the day. A bullet hit your heart and ambulances take you away. That ain't love, it's hate, think of all the mothers at wakes. Whose sons you killed and you ain't got a cut on your face?. Unmarked police cars roam the streets hard, the heat is God. Somebody tell these shorties reach for the stars. Instead they tell 'em how to reach through the bars holdin' a mirror. Lookin' down a tear in jail, makin' weapons to kill ya. Weed smoke, three tokes, nigga, pour more Henny. He sighs with eyes that seen a war too many. Cold-blooded murderers, universal. Hood to hood, blowin' smoke, state of mind is purpleThese hot-headed youngsters always get into trouble. Reactin' before thinkin', they easily irritated. And murder's premeditated, it's a fact that we sinkin'. When we should be climbin', in a nutshell, it's just jail. Drug sales, liquor and diamonds, niggas rewindin'. Instead of movin' forward to blow up, so what's the science?. People shoutin', police pushin' the crowd. And on the ground's a young soldier with meat hangin' out him. Am I hallucinatin' off the hazin'?. Or did I just see a nigga shoot another nigga's face in?. It's a ugly nation, cops circle the block with mug shots. Photograph pictures of suspect faces. It's usually two or three niggas who innocent. But if they lock the wrong ones up, then someone'll snitch. A divide-and-fall strategy, they aren't fair. I dig in my bag of weed that's covered with orange hair. This Color Purple'll make Whoopi give me the pussy. And Celie, Oprah and Danny Glover gots to feel me. This is how I escape the madness. Too much of anything'll hurt you, so my state of mind's all purpleUh. Crazy (crazy), ah (ah). Yo pussy kill me.... Huh (huh).. yeah (yeah) yeah... Huh, huh, huh, huh..Pussy killed me when I was born (What?). Pardon me, I'll rephrase it: departed mommy's womb decaying. I look at the bright side. The fact that I got a life side. Born '73 - September right Nas? (True). Virgo child, the first thing I learn is money makes the world go round. On this small planet, it's ten women to one man; I wonder how we manage. To say vows and walk a straight line in marriage. Niggas is some nasty creatures (word). Bitches even nastier, they throw at your boy and it's hard for me to pass it up. Freaky hoes lick a nigga's ass and nuts. Stupid bitch bragging 'til her baby dad went nuts (stupid bitch). Now he looking for me, two cars deep. Rolling up on nigga's, barrel out the window, asking, You Nas peeps?. I can't have that, two four five, nigga grab that. Pass it to me, sucker-for-love niggas I blast at. I swear my dick is gonna get me in trouble. I pissing bubbles. I thought I felt a sharp pain, better stick to rubbers. When laying hooker after hooker, day out and day in. Watch out for diseases, the doctors can't name 'em. Just a thought: we all fuck the same chicks. Some play like they innocent, fucking entertainers. And basketball players, the bitch is a ho. But still some of y'all a save her, put your dick in her throat. You just the nigga that done wifed her (huh?). She drove you crazy, now your monkey ass wanna shoot the pimp that pipes her. She had your baby, (damn) now you a life-er. And suicide notes you write her, pussy killsOh what a thrill. Inside a bitch feel. Gotta be strong to handle it, it's real. Pussy kills. Backs shots keep a nigga open. Bitch'll have a nigga's gun smoking. Huh, pussy kills. Oh what a thrill. Inside a bitch feel. Gotta be strong to handle it, it's real. Pussy kills. Backs shots keep a nigga open. Bitch'll have a nigga's gun smoking. Huh, pussy killsMy nigga James got married, same girl he went to school with. Nice girl, nerd with glasses, he was too stuck. Studied for her Masters, part time nurse. I'll tell you how superb the ass is, but who's looking. I mean that's my man, maybe I just took a peek. Maybe I wondered what it would be like, sike. 'Cause James and me like I was with AZ like. Luke and Han Solo. Fucking with niggas' girls' forbidden, that's a no-no. It's death and we real niggas, civilized Gods. And their ain't too many niggas like Nas, I'm trust worthy. Plus I know a dude that caught his wife cheating. Killed his baby, killed his wife, and took his own life, even. Happy for James 'cause real bitches hard to come by. This nigga found one, I told him he's lucky, we clown some. Rolling up dutchies while watching Roy Jones in round one, he froze. Put his face to the TV, 'bout an inch close. Move out the way nigga, fuck's the matter with you, you blind?. He pointed to the front row, thought he was loosing his mind. She 'posed to be with her sick mother, left for the weekend. Was stressed when she was leaving. Now she's next to some nigga, cheesing. He's having trouble breathing (gasping for air, coughing). He pictured 'em making noises, grinding him and kissing him. Yelling, Ain't no telling where her lips have been!. Left her foul messages, she came home no lesser than. Ten minutes later, then they start wrestling and screaming. She said she missed her flight that evening. She never left, she wasn't at that fight, you speeding. That's Vegas, this is New York, you bugging. I held up my hand for a dap but he wouldn't touch it. I'm like, When you started acting like that? This is dumbness.. Gave me a crazy look and started swinging punches. I ducked, couldn't believe it, the nigga so whipped. He got his gat and started squeezing, hit two policemen. Neighbors dialed 911, they heard the thumping. Wounded cops kicked in the door and started dumping. Me and his wife dip to the floor she smiled strange. My comrade was breathing no more, they killed JamesOh what a thrill. Inside a bitch feel. Gotta be strong to handle it, it's real. Pussy kills. Backs shots keep a nigga open. Bitch'll have a nigga's gun smoking. Huh, pussy kills. Oh what a thrill. Inside a bitch feel. Gotta be strong to handle it, it's real. Pussy kills. Backs shots keep a nigga open. Bitch'll have a nigga's gun smoking. Huh, pussy killsTalking to this cutie on FaceTime. Trying to figure out if she gon' give me that face time. I don't wanna tour, I wanna chill with my son more. Teach him about Egypt and tranquility, critically analyze black lives and respectability. Why Prodigy mural get vandalized?, why Prodigy?. The project politics obviously. Demagogue democracy, in the fog I see the mob represented into the light. Back to the source where all energy comes. Your enemy, dunn, was internal. A disease that needs a vaccination. Plagues black seeds. The industry ain't as friendly as it first seems. When you dream of drivin' your whip to ya house in Florida Keys. On behalf of me and Queens and all of the Gs. Bandana P will always stand as tall as the trees. First things first, this should be understood. QueensBridge, just ain't any other hood. It's music, legacy is incredibly high pedigree. I don't mean this disrespectfully alphabetically. If it's hard to swallow and the credits of B street singing this Bernard Fowler. He sang with the Rolling Stones, background for Bootsy Collins. Marley Marl's advanced raps sound perfect timing. The early 80's, we babies, Pebblee Poo dropped. The beat was crazy and Marly was changing hip-hop. Then Marly and Shanté caught a body, UTFO. She cold, Roxanne's Revenge, she was 14 years old. Then came the Juice Crew and the who's whos. G Rap, Rakim and Kane, beats made in the QU. I was probably playing with .32s in the lobby. It's QueensBridge over everything and everybody. I wish the 'book never came out. And everything got straightened out. Before you left, I saw you, it was all love. Except we needed to build more and get things correct. Now I gotta accept it, cause there's honor in death. Wish you was here with us PYeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Shout out to Havoc, shout out to Pone. Shout out to Jungle. Shout out to Jeff. Shout out to Big Lord. The big dog (Lord). Free Bar, Spark (Bar, Spark). It's a lot going on. Free the kings. It's a lot going on man, it's heavy. Goodfellas man. Prodigy man. It's heavy man. We need to lighten it up. To all ya. My brosAyo, Queens get the money, niggas still screaming, paper chasing. Where presidential candidates is planning wars with other nations. Over steak with Masons. Pregnant teens give birth to intelligent gangsters, they daddies faceless. Play this, by your stomach, let my words massage it and rub it. I'll be his daddy if there's nobody there to love it. Tell him his name Nasir, tell him how he got here. Mama was just having fun with someone above her years. Niggas is still hating, talking that Nas done fell off with rhyming. He'd rather floss with diamonds. They pray Please God, let him spit that Uzi in the army lining. That shorty doo-wop rolling oo-wops in the park reclining. Take 27 emcees, put 'em in a line and they're out of alignment. My assignment since he said retirement. Hiding behind 8 Mile and The Chronic. Gets rich but dies rhyming, this is high science. Now add 23 more from Queens to B-more. I'm over their heads like a bulimic on a seesaw. Now that's 50 porch monkeys ate up at the same time. Nasty Nasdaq, y'all gon' bow holmes, this Dow Jones. .80 cal chrome, needed time alone to zone. The mack left his iPhone and his 9 at home. My queen used her milkshake to bring y'all to my slaughterhouses. I do this for the group home kids in boarding houses. This that nigga shit that's on the album. For them niggas inside the chalk line in 40 houses. Bring back Arsenio. Hip-hop was aborted so Nas breathes life, back into the embryo. Let us make man in our image, spit it, I'm Huey P in Louis V. At the eulogy throwing Molotovs for Emmett. And you ain't as hot as I is. All of these false prophets is not messiahs. You don't know how high the sky is. The square mileage of Earth or what pi is. I'm the shaky hand that touched George Foreman in Zaire. The same hand that punched down devils that brought down the TowersDJ Hot Day...This kind of love is a once in a lifetime groove. Reach out and touch the love that I have for you, aww baby. I see you standing there. So lost and all alone. I wanna take you in my arms. And tell you that you’re home. I look into your eyes. I said I know you very well. I see a mirror of my life. A reflection of myself3:45AM can't sleep, can't dream. I'm stuck, money problems pop up. How will I survive?. Guess it's best to decide not to decide. So that's my decision. Whatever happens happens. I keep making my millions. Can see myself in Presidential campaign dinners. But I'm passing blunts around a bunch of gang members. When you're too hood to be in them Hollywood circles. And you're too rich to be in that hood that birthed you. And you become better than legends you thought were the greatest. And outgrow women you loved and thought you could stay with. Life become clearer when you wipe down your mirror. And leave notes around for yourself to remember. I like to teach and build. With brothers about how easy it is to reach a mil. All you need is some skill, then it’s grind time. Imagination better than knowledge, says Einstein. It’s all in the mind. Nasty the nicest, I'm somewhat of a psychic. Just one minute after it's heard. You all'll recite it, you all'll repeat it. You'll call me a genius, if you didn't. Now that I said it I forced you to think it. Write in my little vignettes, sipping Moët. Bitch when you vision me, you vision the best. When I was young they called me Olu's son. Now he's Nas' father, I was the good seed. He was the wise gardenerThis kind of love is a once in a lifetime groove. Reach out and touch the love that I have for you, aww baby. I see you standing there. So lost and all alone. I wanna take you in my arms. And tell you that you’re home. I look into your eyes. I said I know you very well. I see a mirror of my life. A reflection of myselfYeah, what y'all know about this... Yo, beautiful life, often I dream that I can bring my niggas. Conservatives don’t understand slang linguistics. The burbs talking like the hood will change with quickness. Love the skinny model chicks but I prefer the thickness. So what I rap about my riches and I'm ostentatious. Get out a gangsta's business, seems to me your thoughts are basic. Try to compare what you live to the life I master. See the fly shit I wear, you try to rock it after. Big bracelets, golden Egyptian faces. White wine spritzers and Switzerland on vacation. The strip club scene favors Josephine Baker. Dope fiend neighbors, growing up I seen paper. I describe it, hope you can visualize it. This is reminiscent to all the parks in the project. When my British Knights can rival your Foamposites. Don’t make me pull my Lottos out the closet. Don't make me pull my Lottos out the closet. Ha ha haThis kind of love is a once in a lifetime groove. Reach out and touch the love that I have for you, aww baby. I see you standing there. So lost and all alone. I wanna take you in my arms. And tell you that you’re home. I look into your eyes. I said I know you very well. I see a mirror of my life. A reflection of myselfYou remind me, ohhhhhhhhhh. Yes it's true baby, ahh yeahBrenda the back-bender used to have me in the twister. Grabbed her up and left her at the Buena Vista. Chelsea used to tell me choke her while I stroke her. Stuck a Heineken bottle up in the ass, a real joker. Used to run my bubble bath, tons of laughs, sexy chick. Nasty though, she used to try to eat my excrement. Used to play Atari 1200, baby-sitter made me kiss her. Put hickeys on her stomach. Toya was a tomboy 'til we played catch and screw. Had her out past her curfew, Sheila had this perfume. That drove a nigga wild, was a child then, Gertrude. Used to put my face in her crotch. Spun my tongue around in a circle while she watched. Eiserea knew I was a player, brought Fatima, loud screamer. While I blew clouds of reefer, they sucked juice out my uretha. While Marvin Gaye pumped from the speakerWas only scared of them STDs, syphilis, VD and herpes. Daffy Duck-lookin' bitch burnt me, correction. Urinary tract infection, what I got for no protection. Was a horny dog, mornings waking up with a log. Dick stuck to my draws, wet dreams in the mind. Of a one-of-a-kind sex fiend, Justine was luscious wanna cuff us when fucked us. Me and her best friend, this thick Texan named Tamika, English teacher. Wedding ring on finger, bent her big ass over the fold-out sofa. The weather was cold and Loretta would throw on nothing but a thong. Under the coat and. Put a show on just to show me she loved me. She would undress and wait in zero below weather. In slippers and a sun dress for me to arrive. Kept a freak in the ride with her head in my lap, the steering wheel's highThank God I got bank god, so fuck pimpin'. Fuck broke condoms, pills and penicillin. Abortion clinics, I was one of the best who did it. Lesbian shit, wheelchair girls and midgets. Twin sisters, cousins, mothers and daughters, some wasn't no quarters. Long chin, some with funny odors. Long blond weaves, overweight, cottage cheese. Some I paid college fees, then they strip tease. And it's sad I don't remember great times that made me drool. And the sex gave me flashbacks when I was like eww. Mature with it now dog, here's the side of Nas. Principles are lined up, things prioritized. Se mamma I left that alone, faded memories, the reason that I'm grown. It'd be senseless for us to lie about our old experiences, no longer. Are we temptedRepresent, represent. Represent, represent. Represent, represent. Represent, representStraight up, shit is real. And any day could be your last in the jungle. Get murdered on a humble, guns'll blast, niggas tumble. The corners is the hot spot, full of mad criminals. Who don't care, guzzling beers, we all stare. At the out-of-towners. (Ay, yo, yo, who that?), they better break North. Before we get the four pounders and take their face off. The streets is filled with undercovers. Homicide chasing brothers. The D's on the roof tryin' to watch us and knock us. And killer coppers even come through in helicopters. I drink a little vodka, spark a L and hold a Glock. For the fronters, wannabe ill niggas and spot runners. Thinking it can't happen 'til I trap 'em and clap 'em. And leave 'em done, won't even run about gods. I don't believe in none of that shit, your facts are backwards. Nas is a rebel of the street corner. Pulling a TEC out the dresser; police got me under pressureRepresent, represent. Represent, represent. Represent, represent. Represent, representYo, they call me Nas, I'm not your legal type of fella. Moët drinking, marijuana smoking street dweller. Who's always on the corner, rolling up blessed. When I dress, it's never nothing less than Guess. Cold be walking with a bop and my hat turned back. Love committing sins and my friends sell crack. This nigga raps with a razor, keep it under my tongue. The school drop-out, never liked the shit from day one. ‘Cause life ain't shit but stress, fake niggas, and crab stunts. So I guzzle my Hennessy while pulling on mad blunts. The brutalizer, crew de-sizer, accelerator. The type of nigga who be pissing in your elevator. Somehow the rap game reminds me of the crack game. Used to sport Bally's and Cazals with black frames. Now I'm into fat chains, sex and TECs. Fly new chicks and new kicks, Heines and Beck'sRepresent, represent. Represent, represent. Represent, representNo doubt, see my stacks are fat, this is what it's about. Before the BDP conflict with MC Shan. Around the time when Shante dissed the Real Roxanne. I used to wake up every morning, see my crew on the block. Every day's a different plan that had us running from cops. If it wasn't hanging out in front of cocaine spots. We was at the candy factory, breaking the locks. Nowadays, I need the green in a flash just like the next man. Fuck a yard, God, let me see a hundred grand. Could use a gun, son, but fuck being the wanted man. But if I hit rock bottom then I'ma be the Son of Sam. Then call the crew to get live too, with Swoop. Bokeem, my brother Jungle, Big Bo cooks up the blow. Mike'll chop it; Mayo, you count the profit. My shit is on the streets, this way the Jakes'll never stop it. It's your brain on drugs, to all fly bitches and thugs. 'Nuff respect to the projects, I'm ghost, one loveRepresent y'all, represent. Represent y'all, represent. Represent y'all, represent. Represent y'all, representOne time for your mothafuckin' mind. This goes out to everybody in New York. That's living the real fucking life and every projects, all over. To my man Big Will, he's still here. The 40 side of Vernon, my man Big L.E.S. Big Cee-Lo from the Don, Shawn Penn, the 40 busters. My crew the shorty busters, the 41st side of Vernon posse. The Goodfellas, my man Cormega, Lakey the Kid. Can't forget Draws, the Hillbillies. My man Slate, Wallethead, Black Jay, Big Oogie. Crazy barrio spot, (Big Dove), we rock shit a lot, PHD. And my man Premo from Gang Starr. '94 real shit y'all (word up Harry O). Fuck y'all crab-ass niggas though!(Uh uh huh, lets go, yeah!). Uh, ghetto children singing (singing, what up?). See they eager to learn (uh hum). How to become the next world leaders, BraveheartsRevolutionary warfare, it's all fair in love and war. For the cause, I gotta take you off here. Revolutionary warfare, it's all fair in love and war. For the cause, I gotta take you off hereBook one, strategy, tactics, techniques. Look dumb, but massively notice the weakness. In all them, gotta shoot only if necessary. Homie vest is very real if enemies carrying heavy steal. Beware the thugs who ain't scared of blood or jail time. When Aryan nations ain't having integration. We so blind, the beauty of life. Was when my mom said nigga you could be Christ. I wasn't old enough to hold my dick and pee right. Jesus, what is he like?. I picture him standing with diamonds on him. Little different from the way my mommy saw him. Practice your aiming, physical training in difficult terrain and. Test your endurance, try to keep your stamina banging. Splitting dutches up, strap up. The armies is school teaching smart ways to kill. I'm thinking Gandhi was a fool, the chronic's a fool. Got me thinking out loud, fuck it. Sleep on my drunkenness I'll blow your brains outRevolutionary warfare, it's all fair in love and war. For the cause, I gotta take you off here. Revolutionary warfare, it's all fair in love and war. For the cause, I gotta take you off hereMy revolution is as real as Bobby Seale's. I build with dudes and cribs worth a quarter mill in Dix Hills. For fishscale, to cop guns, the time come. I'll mask up and get my comrade off the bus. Fuck the beef, I'll snatch your seed from Chuckie Cheese. And feed him to the rats in the back of the P's. Black fatigues and AR-15s on the sofa. 50 inch flat screen, Louie Vuitton holsters. My motions don't appeal to appellate divisions. I did it strong for 7 long years in prison, fuck the system. I'm like a modern day Hitler. Black gorilla, Crip and Blood in one nigga. Only killers know my face. I beat a case for shooting at the police, nigga, the name Lake. Though simultaneously the street revolution. 21 gun salute the new Huey NewtonRevolutionary warfare, it's all fair in love and war. For the cause, I gotta take you off here. Revolutionary warfare, it's all fair in love and war. For the cause, I gotta take you off hereTeach y'all women how to hold the family down in case something happens to it's fathers. Protect the children, grab revolvers. The women plays important part of our life force. So what we fight for, my heart goes to you, beautiful wife in war. Uh, and listen more and talk less. Watch all and trust none, demand your respect. And be ready to die for what you believe in. And ride all the time not just when convenient. Justice and freedom, wisdom and understanding. We the lost children of Israel in this western world region. You ain't a man, you a coward if you can't support the girl you put a seed in. Strong rule the weak, but the wise rule the strong. It's more to a war than just getting it on. Conceal your form, cover your tracks, stay prepared. I don't care if no one's spared in..Revolutionary warfare, it's all fair in love and war. For the cause, I gotta take you off here. Revolutionary warfare, it's all fair in love and war. For the cause, I gotta take you off here. Revolutionary warfare, it's all fair in love and war. For the cause, I gotta take you off here. Revolutionary warfare, it's all fair in love and war. For the cause, I gotta take you off hereListen up, gangstas and honies with your hair done. Pull up a chair, hon', and put it in the air, son. Dog—whatever they call you—God, just listen. I spit a story backwards—it starts at the endin'. The bullet goes back in the gun. The bullet holes close in the chest of this nigga. Now he back to square one, screamin', shoot don't please. I put my fifth back on my hip, it's like a VCR rewindin' a hit. He put his hands back on his bitch, my caravan doors open up. I jumped back in the van and closed it shut. Goin' reverse, slowly prepared. My nigga Jungle utters out somethin' crazy like, go he there. Sittin' in back of this chair, we hittin' the roach. The smoke goes back in the blunt. The blunt gets bigger in growth. Jungle unrolls it, put his weed back in the jar. The blunt turns back into a cigar. We listen to Stevie, it sounded like heavy metal fans. Spinnin' records backwards of AC/DC. I give my niggas dap, jump out the van, back first. Back upstairs, took off the black shirt. I'm in the crib with the phone to my ear. Listen up so y'all can figure out the poem real clear. The voice on the phone was like, outside right we. So with my mouth wide, holdin' my heat. Bullets I had plenty to squeeze, plenty for you. 'Cause Jungle said, block your on enemy's the. Hung up the phone, then the phone rang. I'm laid in the bed, thinkin' about this pretty young thing. Who left, she came back, her clothes just fell to the rug. She fell to my bed and gave me a hug. I told her, no hell, she talkin' about, me kiss. Bobbed her head then spit a nut back in my dick. Started suckin' with no hands, a whole lot of spit. Then got up and put her bra back on her tits. Got fully dressed and told me, stressed really I'm. Picked up her Gucci bag and left a nigga behind. Walkin' through the door, she rang the bell twice. I vomited vodka back in my glass with juice and ice. The clock went back from three to two to one. And that's about the time the story begun. That's when I first heard the voicemail on the cell. It said: Son, we found that nigga we gotta kill.*Beep*. Ayo son, ayo son, you hear me, you hear me?. Listen, man, this dude right on the block. Right now, man, I found him, right now. I see him right now, let's kill him!. *Beep*. Yo, this Nas, leave it: peace.I have no time to give you guidance. Barely have any fuck time either. Hefner minded like I think you're fine, but. I seen the finest women that ever came out a beaver. Mind reader, can tell she vegan or not when I meet her. Or if she insecure, most are. If she's mixed, a possible psycho alert goes off. Not a judge, 'cause a judge don't wear no draws, yet he allows. Everything to go to your spouse when you end your vows. My tax bracket, not enough blacks have it. Who should I date -- Project chick or Cuban actress?. A White chick, they might flip talking that Blackness. Should only attract Black shit, I'm an ass magnet. If you mad at that, you'll be mad forever. Never played you, I prayed we would stay together. Wished it'd last forever, know what I mean. Heard you tear a rose from the roots, the rose screamsThem Xanax can't manage your maniac manic depressive expressions. They some silent killers, that stress shit. That put ulcers in a lot of niggas. I'm blowing medical, it helps chill a violent temper. I done went to hell and back, you always think you right. You know when you wrong, and still you want to fight. When people like my song, you want to kill 'em, right?. You resent me every time I make a million, right?. You want to experience life when you calling all the shots. Ordering bottles for all your girls up in the spot. Have your own cash, own your own Benz. Your own house, everything, me I understand. Thought you would bask in the glory as Queen Bee. Put you on under Martin Scorsese: Mean Street. The first movie he made, thought that was fly. I thought you was flyer, you a fucking liarWhatever you do, young king, don't wind up dead (Wind up dead). Young queen, cross your legs (Cross your legs). Put a crown on your head and remove the chains. Even diamond chains are for slaves. Don't step foot in no penitentiary (Penitentiary), oh. Don't taste the poison (Poison). No, don't you bail on your family (No), no-no-no-no-no, no. 'Cause they don't know you're royalty. But they gon' know when they see usA known fraud once fell on his own sword. Scrawny as a fiend, he'll tell on his own broad. His lady's crazy and it bugs me. Behind her best friend back, she call her best friend baby ugly. Less then a week ago. He's beatin' his dick to a freak he know. Talkin' dirty to him on speakerphone. Right before he clinked up, his girl creeped up. Swung a knife, hit his cheekbone, made a deep cut. He holdin' his face, he out the door. She yellin' out the window, You can stay with that whore. Hours went past, stitched up with the gauze. Gettin' drunk by the store, smokin' blunts with some more. Fraud ass niggas who like to front and big talk. Never swung at nobody, never let a gun spark. Big nine-seven Benz with the old body. Pulls up to the corner, out jumps his old hottieWhatever you do, young king, don't wind up dead (Wind up dead). Young queen, cross your legs (Cross your legs). Put a crown on your head and remove the chains. Even diamond chains are for slaves. Don't step foot in no penitentiary (Penitentiary), oh. Don't taste the poison (Poison). No, don't you bail on your family (No), no-no-no-no-no, no. 'Cause they don't know you're royalty (Nigga). But they gon' know when they see us (Yo)Football wives, basketball wives. Mistresses slash more tires with knives. They lookin' for a dollar. I'm lookin' for a JoAnne Chesimard to turn to a shotta. Spot a King of Diamonds, Onyx, one bitch get it off the floor. Other chick out of her man's pockets. What kind of shows you be watchin'?. It shows, this is how we choose who we should rock with. I think about settlin' down again, have more seeds. Ten toes on the ground again, let hoes be. Nothin' like makin' love with somebody you love. Nothin' like comin' home to grub. Netflix, hugs with a wet kiss. The best shit, take my mind off of makin' records. I need that moral support. Give me a reason to spoil you more. Make 'em jealous of who we areWhatever you do, young king, don't wind up dead (Wind up dead). Young queen, cross your legs (Cross your legs). Put a crown on your head and remove the chains. Even diamond chains are for slaves. Don't step foot in no penitentiary (Penitentiary), oh. Don't taste the poison (Poison). No, don't you bail on your family (No), no-no-no-no-no, no. 'Cause they don't know you're royalty. But they gon' know when they see usTryna get my niggas legitimate. Shit is ugly, my dudes strugglin', drug dealer shit. Silhouette of a murderer, thug nigga, fitted Mets cap. Drunk liquor bit, young black militant. Just hopin' I hit a lick, a criminal's wit. Intelligence, still a menace each Guinness I sip. Bring the kid ideas, the visions I get. How this dude rich? He snuck in with no citizenship. Motivation, so I get off my ass. I'm the star of the movie, lookin' for my supportin' cast. Read the Forbes pages, lookin' at G4s. Wish it could be more, pray I beat the court cases. Women with small waists, lonely, I ain't too far. Smoke weed, and count paper. I'm about paper and pussy and buyin' the bar. Fly ass niggas, y'all jealous of who we areWhatever you do, young king, don't wind up dead (Wind up dead). Young queen, cross your legs (Cross your legs). Put a crown on your head and remove the chains. Even diamond chains are for slaves. Don't step foot in no penitentiary (Penitentiary), oh. Don't taste the poison (Poison). No, don't you bail on your family (No), no-no-no-no-no, no. 'Cause they don't know you're royalty. But they gon' know when they see usYeah, yeah, yeah yeah, Nas, uh, yo, yo. Life, they wonder, can they take me under?. Nah, never that, nah, yo, yoI come from the housing tenement buildings. Unlimited killings, menaces marked for death. Better known as the projects where junkies and rock heads dwell. Though I owe to it my success. With survival of the fittest, every day is a chal'. I would think I'm a part of U.S.A. and be proud. Confronted with racism, started to feel foreign. Like, the darker you are the realer your problems. I reached for the stars but I just kept slipping. On this life mission, never know what's next. Ancient kings from Egypt, up to Julius Caesar. Had a piece of the globe, every continent. Yo, there's Asia, Africa, Europe, France, Japan. Pakistan, America, Afghanstan. Yo, there's Protestants, Jews, Blacks, Arabics. Call a truce, world peace, stop actin like savages. No war, we should take time and think. The bombs and tanks makes mankind extinct. But since the beginning of time it's been men with arms fighting. Lost lives in the Towers and Pentagon, why then. Must it go on? we must stop the killing. Tell me why we die, we all God's childrenAll this hate can't last forever (uh, c'mon). It's time that we stand together (yeah, for the world). Everybody wants to rule the world (what, what, what, what, what, c'mon). World (peace), world (peace), world (peace), worldYo, there's brothers on the block, posted up like they own it. That's they corner, from New York to California. Got blocks locked down. Like, dog you safe whenever you with me, see this is my town. So the youngsters, grows in ghettos, goes to prison. At an early age, already know it's against him. So in order for him to survive, one day he must open up his eyes. To the set backs and rise. Cause, everybody wants a shot, in this land of opportunity. Look at what this country's got. There shouldn't be nobody homeless. How can the president fix other problems when he ain't fixed home yet. The earth wasn't made for one man to rule alone. To all colors and creeds, to home it belongs. I want land, mansions, banks and gold. The diamonds in Africa, oil in my control. The world's natural resources, all its residuals. But then comes foes, I have to guard it with missiles. And I become the most wanted. But is it worth hearing a million people problems and followed by Secret Service?. I guess, attempts at my life with loaded barrels. So move over Colin Powell or just throw in the towel, yoAll this hate can't last forever (uh, c'mon). It's time that we stand together (yeah, for the world). Everybody wants to rule the world (what, what, what, what, what, c'mon). World (peace), world (peace), world (peace), worldY'all know that's my style, to hit you at the right time. No other compares to what Nas write down. Tell you my dreams, show you my pain is yours. You could get what you love, be a chain in cause. You alive right now. There's so many that's dead or locked up inside the beast, I'm a highlight now. It's whatever man think of manifest to the real. The plan is to wake up cause time reveals. All this hate can't forever last. All my ghetto heroes in Heaven, it's like you right here and never passed. You just transcend, I know I'm gon' see you again. Hoping I reach the world leaders and win. Ain't nothing without struggle, listen up, it's critical. We used to fear arms, now the weapons are chemical. In Hip-Hop, the weapons are lyrical. To be the best you challenge the best, then the blessings are spiritual. Top of the world for the kid, none less. Poppin' any rapper's head off his shoulders no contest. I know the Most High hear me, so fly you can't near me. You scared of a mirror, my theory is that - knowledge is power. To every projects and every street corner, we gotta get ours nowAll this hate can't last forever (uh, c'mon). It's time that we stand together (yeah, for the world). Everybody wants to rule the world (what, what, what, what, what, c'mon). World (peace), world (peace), world (peace), worldYo, niggas ain't forget shit, know what I'm saying?. Niggas ain't forget nothing. Men, women and children killed by the police and shit. Niggas ain't gon' forget that man, you know what I mean?. Yo, what this war just show me is like. Whatever you want out of life. Whatever you feel is rightfully yours, go out and take it. Even if that means blood and death. You know, that's what I was raised up on. That's what this country's about. This is, this is what my country is, and my country's a motherfuckerOne .44, two .45's. Three loaded clips, four niggas roll, one nigga drives. Five hundred Benz, six reasons why this kid should die. We shooting every mothafucka outside. Pulled on his block, jumped out the car. Guns in our hand, at the same time everybody ran. There that nigga go, hiding in the crowd. Let the trigger blow, seven shots now he lying on the ground. Blood on the floor then we shot some more. Niggas he was with two niggas hit, one nigga fell. One tried to run, go get him son. Make sure he's done 'fore we bail, I ain't tryna go to jail. Must handle beef, code of the street, load up the heat. If these nigga think they could fuck around. Real niggas do real things by all means. Niggas knowing how we get down, it goesShoot 'em up, just shoot 'em up, what?. (Kill-kill-kill, murder-murder-murder). Shoot 'em up, just shoot 'em up, what?. (Kill-kill-kill, murder-murder-murder). Shoot 'em up, just shoot 'em up, what?. (Kill-kill-kill, murder-murder-murder)Driving through roads, Suburban Chevrolet. Six tinted windows, and I'm on my way. To get up with my hoes, I pull up to they house. Not a freak to be heard, nobody came out. Ringing the bell, where in the hell, could they be at?. I'm about to leave stepping slow, where my truck was at. Who the fuck is that? Could it be a jack?. Now pull my strap, it's my man and we have the same plan. There them bitches go, Civic '94. Looking funny though, open up the car door, funny smile. Fuck two already, third ass was heavy. Nas this is Sherry, Sherry this is Nas and his man, ready?. Walked in the house, snatched off they clothes. Ran through them hoes, plenty ice, that they all seemed to like. Can't find my man, heard a blam-blam. Now I'm wondering, In this scam, do I even stand a chance?. He killed the hoes, took all they dough. Fire in his eyes, higher than the sky coming down the stairs. Now he wanting mine, reaching for my nine. Aiming with our guns at each others face, at the same time. My nine on his lips, his fifth on my chin, I start whispering. Put your gun down, we can skip town. Rocked him to sleep, pushed back his meat. Lift off his chain, took his shit, emptied out close rangeShoot 'em up, just shoot 'em up, what?. (Kill-kill-kill, murder-murder-murder). Shoot 'em up, just shoot 'em up, what?. (Kill-kill-kill, murder-murder-murder). Shoot 'em up, just shoot 'em up, what?. Shoot 'em up, just shoot 'em up, what?. (Kill-kill-kill, murder-murder-murder)Yo, release what's in me. Besides the Henny, it's eyes that's seen plenty. Fiends get skinny as if Queens was a Craig Jenny. Instead of diet plans it's crack 200 grams. I pump a G-pack, peeping for where the D's at. It's slow, lookin' for Rambo, the cop who got grazed. Back in the days, chasin' niggas through my project maze. That cop he got a death wish. He run behind niggas until you breathless. Everyday he makin' ten arrests, shit!. My nigga check this, I know the bitch he rest with. I even blessed it, forty-dash-ten inspect it. (Already checked it Dunn, near his ankle you could see his gun). Peep, he parked his Jeep in the back of the slum. To check Tanisha, fat ass real fly, with the blonde caesar. Vittadini summer gear, she push the two-seater. I heard she brag about the way he eat her. A Irish man short slim with a tan, they say he laced her cheeba. She due, be lookin' weaker, now her teeth are foul. Speakin' loud, peep her style, in and out of every reefer cloud. Fat ass dissolvin', like cotton candy in a mouth that's starvin'. Rock the same gear daily, like a soldier in my squadron. I heard she let Jake investigate from her window. Cause she's a nympho, suckin' dick and coughin' up info. So now it's set up, her and the beast to get wet up. I know he vest up, we blazin' from the neck up. (Yo let me knock first) Soon as he open let your Gi-Glock burst. They had the chains on, son hit the lock first. We busted in the cop jerked, Jungle popped one in his shirt. I grabbed the bitch by her tits, she tried to say she Earth. We saw the cameras, tape recorders, and the monitors. They eyein' us, (Nas yo he survived one from the fo'-five). Pull his shades down, they seen his last days now. There's no way now, we can be treated just like a slave now. Two in the dome, he's laid down. Ayo the bitch is saved now. She's livin' in a snitch grave nowShootouts is similar to Wild West. Broad daylight, face to face without a vest. You know the episodes, thugs camouflage the spectacles. Please God just save the life that the Devil sold. See It Was Written but was never told. Peep the jewels black man, it's even better than gold. Niggas roll with iron, police roll in hot pursuit. Tryin' to stop the loot, fuck Jake, cock and shootStill on the streets with my peeps so deep. We threw a block party for my man goin' up creek. To do his two to four. Niggas show love, from all around the board. Peace Lord. Sony Handy-Cam on record. Pop a bottle, cause when you come home we still got it sewn. We can watch the tape play back and just zone. Film all the bitches, on the benches with ill extensions. We block the streets off, only crew cars can enter. Music was loud and it was crowded. Barbecued wings we fed the fiends (gamble in the back) Killa shouted. And Frank tried to stop the bank, lost about what a Roley cost. Guzzled his drink, and staggered off. He's a Big Will, used to slang krill, now he own The Hill. Couldn't take losin' his cash, and I could feel. Somethin' in the air yeah. Frank returned with Pierre. A gun slinger, who niggas hadn't seen in a year. I usually be holdin' - 'specially this type of weekend. And everyone except for me had started reachin'. They had gats in each others faces, with kids. And grandmothers around, Frank's only concern was his paper. My man Killa let off, half of them fake niggas jet off. Police blitz quick, waitin' for that to set off. Runnin' the static, it got me mad cause they a bunch of faggots. Startin' shit in my hood, I can't have it. Yo High, get the 40-Cali stainless, Jake is still out. Let's make it real and still make them niggas famous. Dip behind trees in fatigues and squeeze, dodge and weave. Hearin' Jake retaliatin', and Wiz was up the alley waitin'. We breeze, jump in the ride, heard Pierre died. Internal bleedin' inside, and ain't been back since ninety-fiveShootouts is similar to Wild West. Broad daylight, face to face without a vest. You know the episodes, thugs camouflage the spectacles. Please God just save the life that the Devil sold. See It Was Written but was never told. Peep the jewels black man, it's even better than gold. Niggas roll with iron, police roll in hot pursuit. Tryin' to stop the loot, fuck Jake, cock and shoot{*whispered*}. Silent, silent murder. Silent, silent murder. Silent, silent murder. Silent, silent murderIt's sort of like the conclusion to Color Purple. Niggas is losing, confusion, with one-time on pursuit moves in. Grabbing niggas up in this movement to rule shit. Cop versus the block, shorties is schooled quick. Lesson number one: If you're arrested and hung. Where niggas is from, gotta keep a lid on your tongue. It's like silent murder, I hit blunts hard like Ray Mercer. The violent words of a Prince in a Palace of Persia. The cognac plurger plus the trees. But who's the foul one to make his nose take a freeze?. And got enough gall to rock ice in all hype. Used to be a general but just lost his stripe. Pipe dreams and white fiends and all-nighters. Collect calls from lifers, Astoria wars with Cypress. Since I got a problem with the law-writers. I kick some more items just to explore horizons. The palm lady dreamt of this day. So I'mma play the crib close, smokin' with the big toast and lay{*whispered*}. Silent, silent murder. Silent, silent murder. Silent, silent murder. Silent, silent murderThey say the arms of Nicky Barnes would be enough to blast. A lot of rich niggas fell and started pumping gas. Was it the mind of CIA that bumped off Malik Shabazz?. Fuck what they teach in class, I'mma reach the mass. Strap up, no back up, it's jungle tactics. Living practice, out of line niggas get smacked backwards. So wear it if the cap fits, folded up money and mad clips. Are stacked right under my mattress. To smoke a nigga like a Hughes Brothers motion picture. Niggas getting open, crews roping older niggas. April fools, they laugh, the jokes on the benches. Seeds outside, my nigga spoke on his sentence{*whispered*}. Silent, silent murder. Silent, silent murder. Silent, silent murder. Silent, silent murderMy right-handers never play too close to cameras. It's night time, scandalous, circle the loud gamblers. Peace-making niggas pep talk. The Beast making niggas walk off the hot avenues with they brew. Time to get this loot countless. 'Cause, son, it ain't no youth fountains. Niggas take cash and shoot, bounce and. Pakistanians are took hostage. Locked up inside a linen closet, known for spending pies up. What's the flavor when your neighbors do jake favors?. Locking real niggas down and letting fake players. Roam around the projects, it's lyrical logic. I dilute, the weak can inject the right composite. When plotting on murderous schemes. It seems I'm ghostly called by the essence of Queens. The palm lady dreamt of this day. So I'mma play the crib close, smokin' with the big toast and lay{*whispered*}. Silent, silent murder. Silent, silent murder. Silent, silent murder. Silent, silent murder. Silent, silent murder. Silent, silent murderAnd Cain killed his brother Abel. When God accepted Abel's offering and not his. Abel's offering showed that Cain was not giving his best to God. And Cain's jealous anger drove him to murder. Drove him to murderAnd I know where I'm going toI'm lookin' in Longevity's eyes. I play with Infinity's mind, Forever's my guy. My pedigree, above your ass, you'll never see I. I love the past, but see where I'm goin', I get to fly. Never sold a record for the beat, it's my verses they purchase. Without production I'm worthless. But I'm more than the surface. Want me to sound like every song on the Top 40. I'm not for you, you not for me, you bore me. I drop lines prestigious schools read to their students. Look at my album plaques, somebody agrees with the music. Was lovin' women you'll never see. All you know's my kids' mothers, some celebrities. Damn, look at the jealousy!. Lucky me, I meet some beauties. Make you wanna shoot me. Hate to brag, my worst batch kills off your best cutie. Facts is deep, we break up, they hook up with athletes. Get married 'cause we wasn't that match, my G. Don't attach me to the games, I'm lucky, I'm blessed. One of my exes could be your next, dog—trust me, don't testIt's the simple things in life, simple things in life. Simple things in life, simple things in life. It's the simple things in life, simple things in life. Simple things in life, simple things in lifeRollin' dice, throw no aces. With my gangsters, we discussin' buyin' acres. Other safe bets, nothin' regular or basic. Ridin' back to back, me and Jungle in some spaceships. Where the squad at?. You can see us on the ave, chop it up as always. Stand up Queensbridge, now the world know us. Everybody sayin' my humility's infectious. I just want my kids to have the same peace I'm blessed withThe sly Fox, cyclops. We locked in an idiot box. The video slots broadcasting Waco Davidian plots. They own YouTube, MySpace. When this ignorant shit going to stop?. They monopolizing news, your views. And the channel you choose, propaganda, visual cancer. The eye in the sky, number 5 on the dial. Secret agenda, frequency antenna, Dr. Mindbender. Remote control, soul controller, your brain holder. Slave culture, game's over. What's a fox characteristic? Slick shit, censored misinformation. Pimp the station, over-stimulation. Reception, deception, Comcast digital Satan. The fox has a bushy tail. And Bush tells lies and fox-trots. So, I don't know what's real (what's real)Watch what you're watching, Fox keeps feeding us toxins. Stop sleeping, start thinking outside of the box. And unplug from the Matrix doctrine. But watch what you say, Big Brother is watching. Watch what you're watching, Fox keeps feeding us toxins. Stop sleeping, start thinking outside of the box. And unplug from the Matrix doctrine. But watch what you say, Fox Five is watchingThe Fear Factor got you all riled up. O'Reilly? Oh really? No rally needed, I'll tie you up. Network for child predators, setting them up. MySpace, pimps, hoes and sluts. Y'all exploit rap culture, then y'all flip on us. And you own the Post, and y'all shit on us. What is their net worth?. They're going to try to censor my next verse. Throw them off the roof neck first. While I'm clicking my cursor. Reading blogs about pressure they put on Universal. It gets worse. While I'm clicking my mouse, while they kick in my house. They figured us out, why a nigga go south?. It's either he caught a body. Don't sleep, they're watching. I watch CBS, and I see BS. Trying to track us down with GPS. Make a nigga want to invest in PBS (see BS)Watch what you're watching, Fox keeps feeding us toxins. Stop sleeping, start thinking outside of the box. And unplug from the Matrix doctrine. But watch what you say, Big Brother is watching. Watch what you're watching, Fox keeps feeding us toxins. Stop sleeping, start thinking outside of the box. And unplug from the Matrix doctrine. But watch what you say, Fox Five is watchingThey say I'm all about murder murder and kill kill. But what about Grindhouse and Kill Bill?. What about Cheney and Halliburton?. The back door deals on oil fields?. How is Nas the most violent person?. Y'all don't know talent if it hit you. Bringing up my criminal possession charges with a pistol. I use Viacom as my firearm. Then let the lyrics split you, who do you rely upon?. Then shoot shells at Leviath-o-n. I'm dealing with the higher form. Fuck if you care of how I write a poem. Only fox that I loved was the Red one. Only black man that Fox love is in jail or a dead one. Red rum, political bedlam. Don't let the hype into your eyes and ear drum. Murdoch owns Fox, not A-Team with Baracus. And he hates Barack cause he march with the marchesWatch what they watching. Watch what you're watching. Better watch because they're watching. Watch what you're watching. M-m-media, misleading you. Watch what you're watchingSee no evil, fear no evil, speak no evil, hear no evil. If you don't bring that shit around you. You ain't got nothing to worry about (uh-huh). Yeah (yeah, uh-huh). Know what I'm saying?. Yo, yo yo yoCarolyn from Maryland, she Lady Heroin. She elegant, her apparel in the M-Class caravan. Keys of dope, loving cats to ski in her throat. She fuck killers in her condo, her Benz and her boat. Her ice fro, ass is curvy, 40 years old. She passing for 30, Gucci framed glasses from Purvy's. Madison Ave., shopping when she not, copping bricks of that shit. She hopping on dicks, riding Pony's who trick. At my man's wake, she said the eulogy. After that I usually bumped into her shopping for jewellery. Her bodyguard screwing me, I gave her my math. Ain't nothing new to me, blowing backs out, six-pack Stout's. Wide fat mouth, the evil look with a bow-leg. Yo niggas said, Shorty's a pro, she blow heads. She push the fo' red, she know Feds, Feds know her. A code red, maybe she's out to slay me, this bitch is crazy. She blew the celly up, meet me at the telly to fuck. She knew about cats from way back, we smoke the haystack. She never coughed once, blunts was her hobby. She said I knew her man probably, no doubt, '96 he tried to rob me. I jetted though, sometimes you never know. He snorted all her work, now she need me to do her dirty workIt's a small world (It's a.. small world..). Nigga you reap what you sow. What goes around comes around, if you sleep you don't know. A very small world (It's a.. small world..). Where beef could never end. At the time you least expect it, I'ma see you again. It's a small world (It's a.. small world..), you get away with it now. Soon enough it catches up to you, someway, somehow. Yo it's a small world, watch what you do.. (It's a.. small world..)Snook from Red Hook was grimy, did 5 years, glad to be home. From Attica, known for keeping chrome calibers. Smooth like a Wallaby shoe, he's out to get it. 5 years planning to blow soon as he hit the bridicks. Had a girl in Woodside Queens, thought he was low. Played the crib for a month and deaded his P.O. Started robbing niggas ‘til he caught a whole kilo. He had a bunch of starving niggas he owe, he never paid though. Got large, sign on his door, Don't knock hard. Laying with his bitch, 'niggas is rich' is what he told her. Played the block, holding cracks inside the baby stroller. Here come his crazy soldier, 6 shots it's over. A year went past, Snook went flossing fast. His old man had crossed his ass for the laws of this fast cashIt's a small world (It's a.. small world..). Nigga you reap what you sow. What goes around comes around, if you sleep you don't know. A very small world (It's a.. small world..). Where beef could never end. At the time you least expect it, I'ma see you again. It's a small world (It's a.. small world..), you get away with it now. Soon enough it catches up to you, someway, somehow. Yo it's a small world, watch what you do.. (It's a.. small world..)I seen death, seen thugs cry, it's bugged why. We let the slugs fly, enter your brain through your skull. Another thug died, pitching your soul into that infinite. Black hole where many souls go cause of a .44 blast. Snook was one of ‘em, so many more. Even that Fendi whore got niggas hit up, yeah let that Henny pour. Carolyn, paid-up bitch, made bitch, stay rich. Heard her bodyguard took Snook to God. Carolyn when she needed him, he took the job. He was close to her ever since she took him inside. When his moms died, dope fiend OD'd, '85. He went crazy, stuck up banks to stay alive. He was live, do niggas even know the things that he tried. Robbed armored trucks, incidents where police died. He stayed in lower Eastside, peace God, he stared at me hard. Two of his mans with him, I got to hit 'em. I'm reaching for my Roscoe, cocked it back on. And get my blast on, at the gas station, bunch of Arabs racing. Out the way as my Taurus spray. Jump in the whip, hit the highway. You know how I say, the game that I play. It's real tendencies, when you feel your enemies. But can't figure out whose who, keep it true. Shit is cool now -- put the tools down? Never. 'Cause everyday is on, livin this life, out for this cheddarIt's a small world (It's a.. small world..). Nigga you reap what you sow. What goes around comes around, if you sleep you don't know. A very small world (It's a.. small world..). Where beef could never end. At the time you least expect it, I'ma see you again. It's a small world (It's a.. small world..), you get away with it now. Soon enough it catches up to you, someway, somehow. Yo it's a small world, watch what you do.. (It's a.. small world..)I'm going to see you again... Uh-huh.. I'm going to see you again.. nigga... Uh-huh.. going to see you again nigga.. yeahBis-Mi-Allah A-Rahman A-Rahim. (To the Gods.. to the Gods.. to the Earths). Pass that shit homieNow tell me what y'all smokin'. What kinda heat y'all holdin'. Well is your creep move potent?. I got a bunch of bullets in the bag of guns. I pass 'em to my niggas c'mon. We bi-coastin', keepin our po-ckets bulgin'. We got the plan in motion. I got a bunch of bullets in the bag of guns. I pass 'em to my niggas c'monZoom, from outer space he comes. Blunt in his mouth with his hand on his gun. Bitches flappin' they gums, do he be clappin' and shootin' guys. Actor or a movie star, rapper revolutionized. What is his race, nation, or creed?. Is he Arabic, Black, Latin, Asian they read. Magazines say I walked on water, talked to the heavens. Spit at judges, stepped on peasants. But in reality, I just entered your galaxy. September '73, up in these wild streets. Fuckin' these wild freaks, a harem of hoes (God damn). And my mystique got 'em tearin' my clothesNow tell me what y'all smokin'. What kinda heat y'all holdin'. Well is your creep move potent?. I got a bunch of bullets in the bag of guns. I pass 'em to my niggas c'mon. We bi-coastin', keepin our po-ckets bulgin'. We got the plan in motion. I got a bunch of bullets in the bag of guns. I pass 'em to my niggas c'monMy nigga smoke with one lung. If he cough he might die, passin' me trees. The liquor bottle's almost empty. We about to collide, with the enemy. Only way you die if it's meant to be. You fuckin' with a general. No discussion is the principle we bust and it's the end of you. Now we knockin' on your mama door. Like we came to fix the sink; my kind of war. Death, angels coming for you. Spirit horse runnin' from your body like Young Guns 1 and 2. Paramedics fightin' for you, who's gon' win?. The hands of time, or the hands of medicine. Don't cry, witness your fate, this is your wake. Walk by your casket, spit in your face. Enter the fog dog, the light is your guide. And when you're gone all your niggas gon' light it with NasNow tell me what y'all smokin'. What kinda heat y'all holdin'. Well is your creep move potent?. I got a bunch of bullets in the bag of guns. I pass 'em to my niggas c'mon. We bi-coastin', keepin our po-ckets bulgin'. We got the plan in motion. I got a bunch of bullets in the bag of guns. I pass 'em to my niggas c'monPardon but I gotta question of life now. Look at the nigga next to you right now. Is he real, fake or scared?. Do it like this niggas right hands in the air. Ball it to a fist and put it over your heart. Now let's say it all together let the ceremony start. I shall - stay real, stay true, stay holdin' figures. Never put a bitch over my niggas. I shall never, cooperate with the law. Never snake me I always hold you down in war. If they take one of mine, I take one of theirs. I never break the oath to the death I swear. I swear that's how we pledge allegiance, to the alliance. Of underworlds killers and thugs, though the science. Of a nigga still yet to be found. So light up some green, and pass it around, pass it aroundNow tell me what y'all smokin'. What kinda heat y'all holdin'. Well is your creep move potent?. I got a bunch of bullets in the bag of guns. I pass 'em to my niggas c'mon. We bi-coastin', keepin our po-ckets bulgin'. We got the plan in motion. I got a bunch of bullets in the bag of guns. I pass 'em to my niggas c'monWanna get high, come smoke with me. Smoke with me, light it upQB, the whole NYC. We gon' bounce to this. All my niggas (yeah, yeah). All the ladiesTop of the world is what I'm aimin' at. These niggas is flamin' gats at my circle. I catch you, my first reaction's to hurt you; I'll hit your bird, too. Two in your scalp, then you out, your thug crew is out. Blood oozin' out, some servin' caine. Knowin' nothin' about this murder game. It's easily told but hard to hear. When niggas finally find out it's real. That's when they heart pumps fear. The real remain, the weak will disappear. My words are 20/20, my vocals are crystal clear. 911 style sits on your mind like chrome. Let's say your brain's a V12, put it in drive, let it roam. What color? Might as well make it the same as your dome. You need your thoughts together means destination is unknown. As we travel on this road, an infinite path. I get into this math, drop and get intense for the cash. Will I be subject to kill? Live my life by the gat?. Just when I think I made it out, the street is calling me backI know a lot of fiends by their first name, livin' in Queens. A lot of cats gettin' stuck for they chains. Holdin' dirty guns, the young old dirty ones. Runnin' wild, nigga, I raise hell above ground. Live in sin, holdin' rocks, Benjamin Grimm. Figure once I got knocked, it would end—never that. They try to tell me I don't love my own. The thugs know, they ride my zone, like The Cyclone. Trademark for Coney Isle, yeah, they know me now. I'm givin' niggas fake hugs, phony smiles. Stack profits, you know how niggas on the block get. Try to give you dap just to stare at your pockets. Crews advance, nothin' new, just the rules of the land. You couldn't tell if they wolves or lamb (Ha, word). You could fight like a few, there's a few that ran. Or you could feed them and lose your hand. What you wanna do?Blessings be to the ones who left us. To transcend into spiritual essence, in Allah's arms you restin'. To Him we pray for my peeps. Louie Lloyd Floyd, Twin and Taiyeh, Mr. Sonny back in the day. Get that money, yam, he used to say. Not only nice with hands but street smarts, he was twice a man. I try to understand life's deep plot, I think of Weewop. Shikeisha, they both was mad nice on the rock. They woulda went pro, but only God, he only knows why not. Like my nigga Bing, let your sneakers be not clean. You come around, he start snappin' on you, makin' a scene. Kept the lye, cool nigga, warm heart, and stayed fly. You still alive, I see you in your sister's face. Are you nearby or lookin' on, just from a distant place?. My thoroughbreds, Black Ed, quiet but real. Expect to see your black Jeep come fly over the hill. In the spirit of Richie Lou, tribute. Remind the world of the crime that NY pigs do, we miss you. Never forget you, Harry and Sonia. Rest in peace to Marty, a 41st side of Vernon soldier. T.J. Black, better known as Killer. I can't replace you, but in me. Havoc will always have a brother, my nigga. My man Will, until we meet again. You hold it up there, I'll hold it down here. I hope y'all hear my prayers clearRest in peace to my grandfathers, Papa Charlie.... (Will a nigga go under because of his hunger?). Rest in peace to my man's Horse pops, nam'sayin'? One love. (If a nigga slipped six feet, will these niggas really miss me?). Can't forget Nana, my man L.E.S. grandmom, nam'sayin'?. (All these niggas flippin' on me ‘cause I won't give no loot to 'em). They still wit' us, though; I wonder where they at?. (Sometimes I...) How near, how far?. Sometimes I wonder (What?). Will a nigga go under because of his hunger? (Can't go under). This game is risky. If a nigga slipped six feet, will these niggas really miss me?Yeah, yeah, yo, yeah, yeahFor niggas up in they mom's crib listenin. To this unadulterated Nas shit wishin it was them. Instead of, me on this track on this beach with palm trees. Drinks with umbrellas straws telling it raw. Jungle of concrete killers and snakes I was amongst that. Bundles of crack through this funnel that's black. I want you to vision through my telescope see the hell I wrote. It's Reynolds when I Wrap it like a envelope package. And they was into dope back then. Numbers, pimpin and robbin, well they still robbin and pimpin. But it's small change compare to hip hoppin. And did I mention millions because of lip poppin. Trips expensive gift shoppin whip drivin. Benzes, Jeeps, see, them and they bitch got one. It's shockin you thinkin naw it's just rhymin. But all this time it's like organized crimin. For instance, there was a time when there was a line. Between streets and business, but now peep how it's mixed in. The beef is now sickenin, everybody got paper. Words of power, because of it the cops hate ya. The government watchin all of those who thuggin it. They wanna lock us up cause they kids are lovin it. Not knowin that most rappers are straight ass. The shots ring out, whenever we clash it's Star WarsCaviar never, I rather the Cajun blacken. Catfish no snails simple nigga to please. Met a bad bitch dimples in her cheeks. She remembers Busy Bee battles when it was peace. Caught myself driftin in thought, cause now it's different I thought. Niggas was raised off the shit I record. Like I was brought up off that Planet Rock. Kurtis Blow, James Todd Smith, Shan and Scott LaRock in the jams. Why would they fuck with a don, Jehovah witness. Him and his co-defendants, I eat 'em like Lucky Charms. With two percent low fat milk, five percent pro black built. It's nothin mother had a motherfucker. I don't think about it niggas talkin there's a lot of gossip. That I'm a prophet or I can't go back to my projects. Can I? Does a plant grow from a pot yes. Do trees grow from a forest MC's y'all are clitoris. Y'all niggas roll with any click that's winnin any crew. Doin whatever's trendy, even they leave me too. Ain't enough room in this town. What is beef between ghetto word spitters with crowns, Star WarsThis ain't, no Oscars or MTV or Joan Rivers fashion police. Not what you read in tabloid seats. These are MC's that live by the code, it's hard for me to spit it. Because the game was supposed to be sold, we live it. Came from the streets we the voice of the youth. America's nightmare was given a mic booth. Nike boots, leathers and jean, jewelry, cribs and cars. Rappers not dependin on your nine to five jobs. Entertainment, this is our world this is our language. Different regions speakin east and west gang shit. You got your positive shit like, Common Sense. But even he had drama with the Don Mega Cube. Acknowledge the words get twisted at times it's rules. What you think is different from the block whenever we feud. Fuck your pictures and your plaques your tours and autographs. Don't trust bitches and niggas who tell you your all of that. Cause, they'll be in your enemies face, sayin it's safe. To run in your release party sprayin the place. Or catch you when you least on point, putting your keys in the door. Behind you with your seeds in KB Toys store. Maybe the words get disrespectful now your niggas check you. You 'gon let that nigga play you, you know we 'gon rep you. Next mornin every news channel and front page. Headlines another rapper was slayed, this is Star Wars(Staaaaaaaay...)(Staaaaaaaay...) Oooh-oooh-ooooh-ooooooh. Oooh-oooh-ooooooh, ooh-ooooh.... Staaaaaaaay... Oooh-oooh-ooooh-ooooooh. Oooh-oooh-ooooooh, ooooh-ooh-oh...Peace to the Five Percenters, online engine inventors. Shout to them niggas, family men, bringing home dinners. Watch out for desperate lonely women, hurt your happy home. Miserable and alone, kissable, nice to bone. She not the type deserving of a throne. Her beauty is her curse, she fuck for shoes and a purse. Make me a movie first, can watch you on my phone. I shop in Barcelona, I spend some nights in Rome. Feel like a Knight from England. That's what I named my son, Knight. He was born to be one, that's how my game was won. White 740 Bimmer, licked by an angel's tongue. I'm living dangerous son, she got a man, a famous one. Honey be pocket watching, she got a lot of options. Hard to make up her mind deciding which baller to rock with. Hot to death, slim pickings but I'm not impressed. She got the hottest sex, so I guess I'ma just.. stay(Staaaaaaaay...) Oooh-oooh-ooooh-ooooooh. Oooh-oooh-ooooooh, ooh-ooooh.... Staaaaaaaay... Oooh-oooh-ooooh-ooooooh. Oooh-oooh-ooooooh, ooooh-ooh-oh...Even though I don't like you. Next Friday night can't wait to fight you. Locked up I would knife you, don't fuck with you. Last month I even bucked at you, you got locked. I felt bad, wait do I got love for you?. I might kill you but do I got love for you?. I want you dead under six feet of soil. At the same time, want you here to witness me while you in misery. We hate each other but it's love, what a thug mystery. Years ago they ate the hearts of a slain enemy. We enemies but your hatred could never enter me. Some seek fame cause they need validation. Some say hating is confused admiration. Spotlight on me, I still look twenty. Still get money, lady killer pushing a Bentley. Maybe niggas could see too much of they failures. Through a nigga who realer. I don't like you near bruh, but I need you to.. stay(Staaaaaaaay...) Oooh-oooh-ooooh-ooooooh. Oooh-oooh-ooooooh, ooh-ooooh.... Staaaaaaaay... Oooh-oooh-ooooh-ooooooh. Oooh-oooh-ooooooh, ooooh-ooh-oh...Peace to the Five Percenters, online engine inventors. Shout to them niggas. Family men, bringing home dinners. Watch out for desperate lonely women, hurt your happy home. Miserable and alone. Kissable, nice to bone. She not the type deserving of a throne. Her beauty is her curse. She fuck for shoes and a purse. Make me a movie first. Can watch you on my phone. I shop in Barcelona. I spend some nights in Rome. Feel like a Knight from England. That's what I named my son, Knight. He was born to be one. That's how my game was won. White 740 Beamer. Licked by an angel's tongue. I'm living dangerous son. She got a man, a famous one. Honey be pocket watching, she got a lot of options. Hard to make up her mind deciding which baller to rock with. Hot to death, slim pickings but I'm not impressed. She got the hottest sex. So I guess I'mma just stayEven though I don't like you. Next Friday night can't wait to fight you. Locked up I would knife you. Don't fuck with you. Last month I even bucked at you, you got locked. I felt bad, wait do I got love for you. I might kill you but do I got love for you. I want you dead under six feet of soil. At the same time. Want you here to witness me while you in misery. We hate each other but it's love. What a thug mystery. Years ago they ate the hearts of a slain enemy. We enemies but your hatred could never enter me. Some seek fame cause they need validation. Some say hating is confused admiration. Spotlight on me. I still look twenty. Still get money, lady killer. Pushing a Bentley. Maybe niggas could see too much of they failures through a nigga who realer. I don't like you near bruh, but I need you to stayYou can drop a “Wet Floor” sign down for the tears. God and my court date, the two things I fear. Man, they tryna give a nigga years. I’m tryna figure if I should even appear. Or should I escape town? Catch a Greyhound. Change my name, right – catch a plane flight. Out the country, let them ma’fuckas hunt me. Come and catch me if you want me. Know they’ll lock me if I stay. But where I’mma run to?. I got a good girl, we got a son too. And all we went through, we ain’t see eye-to-eye. But what you told me way back, you was a ride-or-die. So if they give me one, or if they give me two. Or if a nigga gotta sit down and do a few. Before I go, baby, I gotta know, what would you do?. Would you find someone new or would you stay?. Like the hoes when they lay with me?. Puppy eyes when I go, sayin’ “stay with me”. Aw, girl, you bad as hell and yet I’d love to. But see I got a girl I’m really makin’ love to. Therefore I’m feelin’ a lot more guilty when I rub you. That’s why I skip all of that kissin’ when I fuck you. Flush the condom down the toilet then I skate. I had you, but you can’t have me, I never stayHa! Life in a hometown, ‘fore I could take a step. I’m gettin’ grown now. And startin’ to notice that I see the same hoes around. Guess they had to go ‘round, my raps is profound. I got the flows, but yet a nigga ain’t got no sound. Copped a beat machine, I’m cookin’ up my own now. Got my mind on the city where it goes down. See, if I’mma get to where I’m goin’ then I can’t stay. Although I love it here. I’ll be damned if I sit around another year. Dreamin’ dreams, hopin’ somehow that they just appear. The hardest part of leavin’ is to know my mother here. Oh, but I’m comin’ back – oh boy, believe that. Let’s show the little niggas, boy, you can achieve that. Got the city on my shoulders, piggy back. Hello, my name is Cole and I’m here to stayHe pulled up at 6:30 in a 745. As he waving Shorty, hi, you know he showin' his bling out. She got in the car, he drove, he pulled his thing out. His girl caught feelings, she mad, she threw the ring out. How she found out she dreamt the whole thing out. Y'all be going through problems, you gotta work the kinks out. When you go to sleep? What do you think 'bout?. If y'all get a divorce. She gon' take everything except the kitchen sink out. Make it so cold that you gotta pull your mink out. Or grab your roller skates and turn a roller rink out. You now back up in the club, in the club, tryna min-gle. Meanwhile, she out doing the same thing now. Nightmares from your dream gal make you scream outHow you a man waiting for the next man to get rich?. Your plan is to stick out your hand real quick. So if he feed your family and he serve you shit. Then he need that head you get and he deserve your bitch. Since you wishin' cash fall from the sky all your life. Dwellin' on the past when you was alright. When you was getting cash but wasn't too bright. Now your luck down, you feel like bustin' them shells. Nobody owe you, can't do nothin' for self. Want niggas to show you, how to come up with green. I schemed since I'm 14, what the fuck was your dream?. Rental cars, little broads, saying you was seen. With little niggas with a chain, you was doing your thing. How high was I? You the thousandth guy. That came around thinking we can see eye to eye. We on a different echelon. Could've got bread together, now you get skedded onShe had several cars, she had credit cards. A castle, large master bathroom, getting a pedicure. Bellinis by the glassful, said she been meaning to ask who. Who in need of cash who, who could blast tools. And I'm eating cashews, knew she was bad news. But we mad cool, nothin' sexual. ‘Cause I knew her since high school. Grew up with my dudes, like one of my crew. She worked for Fox News. One of her mans that she lent her drop to. Won't come back with it, so she want him clapped in it. Says it's important that it looks like an accident. She was snorting and her eyes had bags in it. She was recording, had a wire, askin' shit. Four days before I came by she got bagged with bricks. Crossed the line from her world of news castin'. To a world of entrapment, a good girl gone backwardsAyo Nasty Nas, what up?. ~Ain't nothing, a lot of cowards fronting. I hear what you're saying, but yo, this is all love for me, you know?. ~No doubt, smoke them cowards, you stillmaticMa, I'm sorry who the fuck I am, I can't trust my fans. Out of luck, no constructive plans. My friends stay powdered up, I'm so drunk, can't stand. You said if I would sober up, I'd be a powerful man. Turned out the street life, you prayed I wouldn't. But every church in the world can't save our children. I stayed out late, you heard shots, thought it would be. Your oldest son on the ground dead, but fortunately. Them bullets had some other names on it, the brother was blind. I hit the L, then, we yell out, It wasn't my time!. I loaded up shells, one by one. You smelled blunts from my room door, little Nasir was at war. And little did I care what you saw. Crew deep with a few heat, now it's time we settle the score. But in the projects, I vision Muhammad, in linen garments. Preaching man, woman, and child, the living Prophet. And I'm similar, Nasir Bin Olu Dara Visqu Allah. Fist full of dollars in the dice game, God. The Ice King, God, the Black Christ, elegant stance. Clothes fit me like a crime boss, the medicine man. I see the world collapsing, young pregnancies. Young girls are unfastening their Sasoon jeans, no prophylactic. All this fast shit and fly jewelry, now makes my eyes teary. N.Y. City, grab a hold and ride with me. Rip the Freeway, shoot through Memphis with MoneyBags. Stop in Philly, order cheese steaks and eat Beans fast. And bring it back up top, remove the fake king of New York. You show off, I count dough off when you sample my voice. I rule you, before, you used to rap like the Fu-Schnickens. Nas designed your Blueprint, who you kidding?. Is he H to the izz-O, M to the izz-O?. For shizzle you phony, the rapping version of Sisqo. And that's for certain, you clone me, your wack clothes line. I'd rather Sean John, you bore me with your fake coke rhymes. And those times, they never took place, you liar. Un was your first court case, you had no priors. You master fabricated stories of streets and sound slick. Have you surrounded, you and the faggots you down with. While they riding Nas, trying to boost their careers. Corny as Cormega, all you Hip-Hop queers. Since Illmatic, It Was Written, I Am Nastradamus. That's the answers to the puzzle I gave you, now here's a promise. My next few albums, instead of projects. They'll be a difficult test inside the cover for the mind's optics. Come in my hood, but bring the guns with you, it's dark. Headed through Brooklyn, Queens, Harlem, Staten, and Bronx. Headed through Compton, Oaktown, South Central, and Watts. New Orleans, Mississippi, Chi-town, every block. I'm trying to have my positive ways, I put my rhymes on page. Did crimes and headline on stage. I signed a contract, so here it is, you have it. Street's Disciple, I'm StillmaticUhh, y'know. I still run with that, that blood of a slave, boilin' in my veins. It's just hot - until a nigga can't take it no more. Blood of a slave, heart of a King - turn my voice upAyo, the brother's Stillmatic. I crawled up out of that grave, wipin' the dirt, cleanin' my shirt. They thought I'd make another Illmatic. But it's always forward I'm movin'. Never backwards stupid here's another classic. C-notes is fallin' from the sky, by now the credits roll. They're starrin' Nas, executive poet, produced directed by. The Kid slash Escobar; narration describes. The lives of lost tribes in the ghetto tryin' to survive. The feature opens with this young black child, fingers scratched. Cigarette burns on the sofa, turnin' the TV down. While Mary Jane Girls, 45's playin', soft in the background. Food from C-Town's, mornings was hash browns. Stepped over dope fiends, walkin' out the door, all of us poor. I learned the difference 'tween the snitches. The real ones, and who's soft, and the murderous, hungriest crews. People jumpin' from roofs. Shotguns pumpin', made it through my youth. Walkin' very thin lines, ages seven and nine. That's the age I was on my album cover, this is the rebirth. I know the streets thirst water like Moses. Walkin' through the hot desert searchin' to be free. This is my ending and my new beginning - nostalgia. Alpha and Omega places, it's like a glitch in The Matrix. I seen it all, did it all, most of y'all will pop for a minute. Spit a sentence then the game'll get rid of y'all. Y'all got there but y'all ain't get it all, I want my style back. Hate to cease y'all plan it's the rap repo man. To them double up hustlers, bidders, niggas who real. Professional stick-up kids dreamin' for mils. Let my words guide you, get inside you. From Crips to Pirus, this is survivalBlood of a slave, heart of a King. Blood of a slave, heart of a King. Uhh, uhh, blood of a slave, heart of a King. Uhh, yeah. Huh, Braveheart, uhh..Street dreams are made of these. Niggas push Bimmers and 300 E's. A drug dealer's destiny is reaching a key. Everybody's looking for something. Street dreams are made of these. Shorties on they knees, for niggas with big cheese. Who am I to disagree?. Everybody's looking for somethingMy man put me up for the share, one-fourth of a square. Headed for Delaware with one change of gear. Nothing on my mind but the dime sack we blazed. With the glaze in my eye, that we find when we crave. Dollars and cents, a fugitive with two attempts. Jakes had no trace of the face, now they drew a print. Though I'm innocent 'til proven guilty. I'ma try to get filthy, purchase a club and start up a realty. For real G, I'ma fulfill my dream. If I conceal my scheme then precisely I'll build my cream. The first trip without the clique. Sent the bitch with the quarter brick, this is it. Fresh face, NY plates got a crooked eye for the Jakes. I want it all, ArmorAll Benz and endless papes. God sake, what a nigga got to do to make a half a million. Without the FBI catching feelingsStreet dreams are made of these. Niggas push Bimmers and 300 E's. A drug dealer's destiny is reaching a key. Everybody's looking for something. Street dreams are made of these. Shorties on they knees, for niggas with big cheese. Who am I to disagree?. Everybody's looking for somethingFrom Fat Cat to Pappy, niggas see the cat. Twenty-five to flat, push a thousand feet back. Holding gats wasn't making me fat, snitches on my back. Living with Moms, getting it on, flushing crack down the toilet. Two sips from being alcoholic. Nine hundred ninety nine thou from being rich. But now I'm all for it. My man saw it like Dionne Warwick. A wiser team, for a wiser dream we could all score with. The cartel Argentina coke with the nina. Up in the hotel, smoking on Sessamina. Trina got the fishscale between her. The way the bitch shook her ass yo the dogs never seen her. She got me back living sweeter, fresh Caesar. Guess, David Robinson's, Wally moccasins. Bitches blow me while hopping in the drop-top BM. Word is bond son, I had that bitch down on my shit like thisStreet dreams are made of these. Niggas push Bimmers and 300 E's. A drug dealer's destiny is reaching a key. Everybody's looking for something. Street dreams are made of these. Shorties on they knees, for niggas with big cheese. Who am I to disagree?. Everybody's looking for somethingGrowing up project-struck, looking for luck, dreaming. Scoping the large niggas beaming, check what I'm seeing. Cars, ghetto stars pushing ill Europeans. G'n, heard about them old timers OD'n. Young early 80's, throwing rocks at the crazy lady. Worshipping every word them rope-rocking niggas gave me. The street raised me up giving a fuck. I thought Jordans and a gold chain was living it up. I knew the dopes, the pushers, the addicts, everybody. Cut out of class, just to smoke blunts and drink noddy. Ain't that funny, getting put on to crack money. With all the gunplay, painting the kettle black hungry. A case of beers in the staircase I wasted years. Some niggas went for theirs, flipping coke as they career. But I'm a rebel stressing, to pull out of the heat no doubt. With Jeeps tinted out, spending never holding outStreet dreams are made of these. Niggas push Bimmers and 300 E's. A drug dealer's destiny is reaching a key. Everybody's looking for something. Street dreams are made of these. Shorties on they knees, for niggas with big cheese. Who am I to disagree?. Everybody's looking for something. Street dreams are made of these. Niggas push Bimmers and 300 E's. A drug dealer's destiny is reaching a key. Everybody's looking for something. Street dreams are made of these. Shorties on they knees, for niggas with big cheese. Who am I to disagree?. Everybody's looking for somethingYo, this remix goes out to everybody out there. That call theyself keepin' it real. From yours truly, Escobar and Big R. From New York to Chi-Town. Check it out now. Commissioner Steve Stoute. Trackmasters, QB, check it, yoLow profile, rap style, slick as Nu Nile. Give the crew pounds every time we cover new ground. Still survivin' but there's a few down, back in the essence. I'm askin' questions on the phone with jail adolescents. Quiet confession, the system's applyin' the pressure. My mind is guessin', is livin' and dyin' a lesson?. But not to be obliged with the mirage of cars. Take me off track from what the Gods focus on hard. Laid up, smokin' cigars, motionin' maids. To bring me toast and eggs kosher. Ice chokers and wolves to smoke ya. My wisdom culture lives in ultra madness. Devoted Coach bag bitch. Broke, the average nigga's hopes to get mad rich. But what's the purpose?. Only the Gods can watch the Earth twist. I'm physically trapped down on the surface. With all the crack merchants, snakes and serpents. Foul jakes that search us. Clowns with four pounds, this ain't a circusStreet dreamer (Oh mercy mercy me). Ain't nothin' out there for ya. (There ain't nothin' out there for you). Situations gettin' heavy. Heavy, heavy, tryin' to be a gangstaBlack clouds over the hood, I'm on the corner with the thugs. Late night under the Moon as they assume I'm slangin' drugs. 'Cause I'm hooded up, thought a G a night wasn't good enough. Pushed my luck, yo, they had a brother put in cuffs. Luckily, made it out of court comfortably. Judge said I need a job, ain't nothin' comin' free. Could've got a one to three. I try to school these shorties under me. But they can't see, from life to death. So now we back to where we never left. The ghetto – it's a damn shame, knowin' it's a man's game. Shorty thinks it's time to make your plans change. All that runnin' round tryin' to chase what's already here. Been there, it's goin' nowhere. Pops told me knuckle up, no fear. I wish some of these killings they could be prevented. Whatever happens, it was written, meaning God meant it. But during life, you put your heart in it. Even though it seems we bein' targeted. Let that brother R hit itStreet dreamer (Oh mercy mercy me). Ain't nothin' out there for ya. (There ain't nothin' out there for you). Situations gettin' heavy. Heavy, heavy, tryin' to be a gangstaDream on, dream on. Dream on, dream on. Dream on, dream on. Dream on, dream on. Street dreamer, yeah. Street dreamer, dream on. Dream onSort of wild; since a child, hope was all we had. Dreamt of plushed-out pads. Complainin', the mental strainin'. How many in my crew was into gainin'?. Subtract the weak links up out the chain and. Rise and start reignin'. Blasphemy usin' Nas' name in vain. Some claim supreme being yet they lied in his name. I tried to learn the game and only thing I found incredible. Everything I tried to learn, see, I already knew (that's right). And it's embedded in my heart now. So I could sit back, count a stack, and play my part now. I saw my life flash in front of my eyes, he wore disguise. Put a gun to me, hungry, he went on to chastise. That's Nas, ain't it? Made it rich from entertainment. Fresh Wally's painted, as he told the kid he came with. My first thought was: How the game flip?. Yo, perhaps it was somebody I smacked drunk in a party on 'gac. Or was I marked for a contract for some foul act. I did a while back or even beyond that. He got me layin' face flat, sayin' my grace, Black. Woke up in a cold sweat, yo, I hate that. Nightmares feelin' real, word to Will. My A-Alike I lost in the battlefield. That's why I hit the mic with mad appeal. Grab your shield and meet your maker. The Queens niggas die for paper. Deed the things, the street dreams will take yaStreet dreamer (Oh mercy mercy me). Ain't nothin' out there for ya. (There ain't nothin' out there for you). Situations gettin' heavy. Heavy, heavy, tryin' to be a gangsta. Street dreamer (Oh mercy mercy me). Ain't nothin' out there for ya. (There ain't nothin' out there for you). Situations gettin' heavy. Heavy, heavy, tryin' to be a gangsta. Street dreamer (Oh mercy mercy me). Ain't nothin' out there for ya. (There ain't nothin' out there for you). Situations gettin' heavy. Heavy, heavy, tryin' to be a gangstaYeah, yeah, yeah. You was born in the eighties, pops drove a Mercedes. Did a bid, coming home to some grown ass kid. Crack baby turn to young thug, description might fit you. Look around it might hit you. No joke, I wanna pistol fight with you. Shit comes around faster than you think. Blood and white chalk makes pink, so what's that make you?. Become a creature of habitat, the average cat. Won't see where it's at, or where it's going. The hood waits for no one. I've been through it from Ewings to Buicks, to body viewings. Car chases to court cases, to fly vacations. From wanting it all, to being the object of your admiration. Imagination is what they lack. It stops niggas from getting stacks. Feeling trapped on the block with loose cracks. Wisdom is vital for the survival of the street's discipleBad bitches, champagne wishes. Freaks only, baby -- let me take pictures. Life is good, life is good, life is good. Life is good, life is good. Life is good, li-life is good. Swizzy!CÎROC on splash (splash), summer on smash (smash). Top all gone, got the on summer on smash. Tank top on (on) summer on smash. My neck got a whole lot of glass. Got the summer on smash, summer on smash. Y’all know who got the summer on smash (WE DO!). Look at baby girl showing that ass. Should let the world know that summer on smash. Got the summer on smash, summer on smash. Life is good, life is good. Everybody get the summer on smash. Life is good, li-Life is good. We got the summer on smash (smash). Summer on smash (smash). Y'all know who got the summer on smash. Life is good! (we do!)Got the summer on smash, eighteen karats. Lil' overweight, hit the gym. Let's go get the abs in. Louis belt hangs on the waist, it ain't even fastened. I'm trying to get every number from every woman passing me by. She's fly; Black, Asian, Boricua. Italian, mixed chicks, Middle Eastern. Eritrean, Ethiopian, how you opening?. Just rolled four with them, 'bout to smoke again. Rose-gold Rollie, riding the top down. How does Pucci bathing suits on a yacht, sound?. Send a massive Email to the females. Tell 'em where to meet us, give 'em the detailsCÎROC on splash (splash), summer on smash (smash). Top all gone, got the on summer on smash. Tank top on (on) summer on smash. My neck got a whole lot of glass. Got the summer on smash, summer on smash. Y’all know who got the summer on smash (WE DO!). Look at baby girl showing that ass. Should let the world know that summer on smash. Got the summer on smash, summer on smash. Life is good, life is good. Everybody get the summer on smash. Life is good, li-Life is good. We got the summer on smash (smash). Summer on smash (smash). Y'all know who got the summer on smash. Life is good! (we do!)We got the jam here, check it. It's the summertime, women damn near naked. It's single season, they choosing who to mess with. I just smashed another belt for the record, respect it. Nas get you out your seats, play this in your Jeeps. My people in the streets, I make it feel like it’s the beach. My goons close by, I'm daring one of y'all to reach. I’m protected like the President, ain't gotta give a speech. Got a compass on the wrist, Illmatic on the feets. And they ain't even out yet, she like CÎROC peach. Chain-smoke cigars, count a whole lot of cash. And y’all already know who got the summer on smashCÎROC on splash (splash), summer on smash (smash). Top all gone, got the on summer on smash. Tank top on (on) summer on smash. My neck got a whole lot of glass. Got the summer on smash, summer on smash. Y’all know who got the summer on smash (WE DO!). Look at baby girl showing that ass. Should let the world know that summer on smash. Got the summer on smash, summer on smash. Life is good, life is good. Everybody get the summer on smash. Life is good, li-Life is good. We got the summer on smash (smash). Summer on smash (smash). Y'all know who got the summer on smash. Life is good! (we do!)I gotta do something kinda unexpected, huh?. Bad bitches, champagne wishes. Freaks only baby, let me take pictures. Skin, sin, wait, do you know whose pool you're in?. Beaches in Brazil, steaks on a grill. Your body is a weapon that you can’t conceal. Real make money when the freaks call. Summer on Mars, it’s totally Total Recall. Like, pura vida, she wanna flyyyy. Caliente, mami vente, vente comigo, ayoooooooooooooCÎROC on splash (splash), summer on smash (smash). Top all gone, got the on summer on smash. Tank top on (on) summer on smash. My neck got a whole lot of glass. Got the summer on smash, summer on smash. Y’all know who got the summer on smash (WE DO!). Look at baby girl showing that ass. Should let the world know that summer on smash. Got the summer on smash, summer on smash. Life is good, life is good. Everybody get the summer on smash. Life is good, li-Life is good. We got the summer on smash (smash). Summer on smash (smash). Y'all know who got the summer on smash. Life is good! (we do!)Life is good, life is good. Life is good, li-life is good!But that's the whole, tragic, point my friends!. What would I do if I could suddenly feel. And to know once again that what I feel is real?. I could cry, I could smile. I might lay back for a while. Tell me what, what, what would I do if I could feel?I was young, I was survivin' the times. Waitin' for my moment, I was destined to shine. Little Ray had an NSX, I was hopin' I'm next. Wantin' bracelets, never hada rope on my neck. Unless I was holdin' Taiyeh chain – Rest In Peace. Even though that night you flipped on us, you warned us. If you came back and we still on the corners, we goners. Movin' on to move your arm in your watch. To another time on the block. ‘Cause this 40 Side where they say shorty rhyme. Tragedy, he used to come through all the time. I'm talkin' Juice Crew, not what the word define. He had a sister named Erin, for sure was fine. That was my first crush, I bought my first mic. I wrote my first verse, I was about nine. I was about mine, fantasize house buyin'. Met Paul, he wore some big glasses. Him and Melquan took me where G Rap lived. I was happy just gettin' some answers. I ain't even know what a record advance was. I'm seein' hoes sex in the studio bathroom. With rap dudes, thinkin', Wow, she moved me!. Same girl then right now's a groupie. Back then she was like the star in a movie. Large jewelry and expensive Gucci. Next stop, Paid In Full posse recruits me. Knew they were some millionaires, their ropes were dookie. Eric B man lookin' like touch it, he shoot me. You see, every time Ra didn't show. I get to record demos at attempts to blow. I wonder, could they tell? How did they know?. Sixteen years later, here I goWhat-what, what-what, what would I do?. What-what, what-what, what would I do?. What-what, what-what, what would I do?. What-what, what-what, what would I do?I'm with Akinyele in the street, tryin' to get us a deal. G Rap tried to get us to sign to Cold Chill. But Fly Ty didn't have the contract we wanted. Clark Kent just signed Das, he didn't want us. Russell said I sounded like G, the nigga fronted. Reef and Matty C offered me a little money. Shit a little funny, feel a little laughter. Rebel of Hip-Hop comin' through a white rapper. My boy MC Serch, nevertheless. Took me to Columbia, back then CBS. Chris Schwartz, RuffHouse, he was the best man. Now buggin' because the label had just dropped Def Jam. Could you picture Russell needin' a check, man?. But he smart, he plotted a plan for Polygram. Life is ill, again life's a movie. Then the roster's Cypress Hill, Nas and Fugees. Before I sold records, no promotion. The rap world like, What's all this commotion?. Went plat, mad bottles I'm toastin'. 20/20 hindsight, but how did they know then?What-what, what-what, what would I do?. What-what, what-what, what would I do?. What-what, what-what, what would I do?. What-what, what-what, what would I do?Invincible, lyrical, miracle man, huh. Uh, but back to the matter at hand. ‘Cause 10 years ago we all strived to be 25. Some cats didn't make it alive. Dated some stars but respect their privacy. Copped mad cars, layin' back in the driver's seat. Held myself down, just steerin' the wheel. Here I am, completed my whole record dealWhat-what, what-what, what would I do?. What-what, what-what, what would I do?. What-what, what-what, what would I do?. What-what, what-what, what would I do?What would I do. If I could reach inside of me. And to know how it feels. To say I like what I see?It was a murder. Jake just hit the corner people swarming. Three in the morning I jumped out my cab like Fuck. Niggas is buck, mega bloodshed, the tape's red. I heard some bird whisper, Yo he should have ducked. I puffed the lila, just before I hit the scene for rilla, I'm all high. It's late I'm looking down at the fella. Shit's pushed in, ambulance placed him on some cushion. His mom's had a stare I wouldn't dare second look when I murk. It hurt, kind of took it as a brief reminder. That the street's designed to stop your life clock. The beast'll time ya, cell to cell, suspect ass nigga you fail. First time locked in Comstock, my mind blocks the frail. Bursting, blasting at your forty cal shell, split your dry cell. My niggas never snitch why tell. We roll with no regrets, destinies, fiftys and equities. Queens'll be the death of meTo the suspect witness: don't come outside. You might get your shit pushed back tonight. (Suspect witness don't come outside. You might get your shit pushed back tonight). Suspect witness: don't come outside. You might get your shit pushed back tonight. (Suspect witness don't come outside. You might get your shit pushed back tonight)Dear God, I want the riches, money hungry bitches infested. Giving the jealous niggas sickness to witness. My crew dresses in vests, feel the essence. Try to test this scientist, able and reckless, slaughter. Nautica Down, frames look petite. Ten millis, minks designed just for my physique. I keep a low pro as if I owe, bless the flow lovely. My pants hang while I'm dancing, sipping the bubbly. Hey, me no worry, hashish keep my eyes Chinese. Roll the two Phillies together, make blunts Siamese. I meant it, I represent it, descendant made of. Early natives that were captured and taught to think backwards. Trapped us in a cracker's psychiatric, it's massive. A Million Man March, alert the masses. Tan Clarks, Armani in small print upon my glasses. Don assassins, Armageddon. The wedding of a freak and a beast. Seven heads, got the righteous threatened. Life Was Written, the plot curves behind the settin'. Comprehend the grammar, Math we own. Are you the type of nigga to shoot a leg to get your name known?. I flip the brain tone, niggas get hit and wrapped in plastic. The mic I strike in vain, givin' the pain of what a MAC is. What you with, lucci or drama?. No sleep means insomnia. No need to check the clock, the streets'll time yaSuspect witness: don't come outside. You might get your shit pushed back tonight. (Suspect niggas don't come outside. You might get your shit pushed back tonight)Yeah, yeah. It justifies Nas Escobar's leavin' shit mesmerized. Mega live, like the third world. Decipher my deceiver make him a believer. Spitting gem stars, words in my mic type receiver. Bond is my life so I live by my word. Never fraudulent Queensbridge don't make no herbs. Spread my name to deacons, politicians while they speakin'. Rebel to America civilization, caught you sleepin'(Queensbridge, boy, once again, boy. Recognize boy, recognize, stupid motherfuckers). Street educated, created. Fly gangsta, Firm style. AZ, what up, what up?. Jungle, Benny Blanco from the Bridge. Mega, Big Hi, clap 'em down. L.E.S. on a murder quest, yeah yeah y'allI made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm living like that. I made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm living like thatYeah, I never brag how real I keep it, 'cause it's the best secret. I rock a vest prestigious, Cuban link flooded Jesus. In a Lex watching Kathie Lee and Regis. My actions are one with the seasons. A TEC squeezing executioner. Winter time I rock a fur. Mega popular center of attraction. Climaxing, my bitches, they be laughing. They high from sniffing coke off a twenty-cent Andrew Jackson. City lights spark a New York night. Rossi and Martini sipping, Sergio Tacchini. Flipping mad pies, low price. I blow dice and throw them. .45 by my scrotum, manifest the Do or Die slogan. My niggas roll in ten M3's. Twenty Gods popping wheelies on Kawasakis. Hip hop's got me on some ol', spraying shots like a drum roll. Blanking out and never miscount the shells my gun hold. I don't stunt, I regulate. Henny and Sprite, I separate, watching crab niggas marinate. I'm all about TECs, a good jux and sex. Israelite books, holding government names from Ness. Emcees are crawling out every hole in the slum. You be a'ight like blood money in a pimp's cumI made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm living like that. I made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm living like that. For you wack MC'sCurrency is made in the trust of the Messiah. I'm spending it to get higher. Earth, Wind and Fire singing Reasons why I'm. Up early, trustworthy is a nine that bust early. Sunshine on my grill, I spill Remy on imaginary graves. Put my hat on my waves, latter Day Saints say religious praise. I dolo, challenge any team or solo. You must be bugging out, new to my shit, home on a furlough. Ask around who's laid up, sharp and straight up. Mafioso, getting niggas' wakes sprayed up. Skies are misty, my life's predicted by a gypsy. I'll one day walk into shots, drunk off champagne from Sicily. This be the drama, I'ma pause like a comma. In a sentence, paragraph's indented. Bloodshot red eyes high, yellow envelopes of lye. Opening cigars let tobacco fly. Condos are tune-proof, we're looking out the sky's moonroof. Shitting like gin and prune juice. Yo the system wants the coon's noose, hang 'em high. Courtrooms filled up, it's off the hook while I. Just wrote a statement, like I'm facing twenty years. In the basement, chilling on the VI with Mumia. For wearing chrome, I told the judge snakes slither. Like Sharon Stone but like Capone I'm thrown, yoI made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm living like that. I made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm living like that. For you wack MC's. I made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm living like that. I made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm living like that. For you wack MC'sYo, the time is wasting, I use the mind elevation. Dime sack lacing, court pen pacing. Individual, lyrical math abrasion. Psychic evaluation, the foulest nation. We living in dangerous lives, mad leak and battered wives. A lifestyle on bad streets is patternized. Wise men build and destroy. While the real McCoy dope fiend named Detroit is still dealing boy. Coke suppliers acting biased. 'Cause rumors say that niggas wear wires and we liars. But every night the gat's fired and every day a rat's hired. I still remain the mack flyest in the phat Kani's. Just a killer in me, slash drug dealer MC. Ex-slug filler, semi mug peeler. Demi, bottles of Mo', yo simply follow me flow. Put poetry inside a crack pot and blow. Rough hoes pull crack out pussies and buttholes. Bring the G's and the D's roll, they can't touch those. Why shoot the breeze about it when you could be about it. My degrees are routed, toward the peasy haired brick houses. And studded-up, thick medallions. Rich niggas transport in thousands. Foreign cash exchange amounting to millions. Doors is locked, rocks is chopped, watch the cameras in the ceilings. Trick bitches catching mad feelings. Peeling off in the Lex Jeep, techniques is four-wheeling. I bet it be some shit when we connect with Stretch. When we catch them sex niggas with the TECs you blessed, word. So now it's on, never wasted a slug. Time is money when it comes to mine, take it in bloodI made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm living like that. I made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm living like that. For you wack MC's. I made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm living like that. I made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm living like that. For you wack MC'sYea, Capone-n-Noreaga. Yeah yo offical Queensbridge murderers. Mobb Deep keep it real though. Motherfucking AZ yo. Mega, Mega, whatever. Scarlett O'Hara, Fox Boogie. East New York. Yambo, Brownsville. Wizard, Far Rockaway. Big Bow, Jersey. Connecticut, DC, Sudan. VA, NC, LA. So on and so on. Big Ha, Houston Fifth Ward. Black Ed, keep it real MoeTanasia, Tanasia. If you're not from Queensbridge, then you must be from Asia. Never knew a love like this before, who said you was just a whore?. Where you walk, love, I kiss the floorTruck jewels, big stacks, mustard boots. Construction on her feet, she eat duck confit. I shoot up the club whenever I hit it raw. If she have a baby by me, I'ma love her more. Brings food to the crib when I'm laying low. And she know how to roll weed, but don't smoke. Chinese massages, wifey, no side-chick. Go sight-seeing with the god. Playing cards with my dad, frying chicken for the mob. Simply Lemonade, raspberry for the wash, gosh. She know who tryin' to rock her to sleep to get to me. Give 'em the side eye when she see 'em in the street. Her brother locked up, he doin' ten up in the beast. He's short, he comin' home and she hyped for his release. Fly her to Hollywood, watch flicks from Nollywood. Like hydraulics, she ride the woodTanasia, Tanasia. If you're not from Queensbridge, then you must be from Asia. Never knew a love like this before, who said you was just a whore?. Where you walk, love, I kiss the floor. Tanasia, Tanasia. If you're not from Queensbridge, then you must be from Asia. Never knew a love like this before, who said you was just a whore?. Where you walk, love, I kiss the floorShe edu-ma-cated, she said she related to the Asian. Ethic persuasion, the sex is amazin'. Never bought her a Birkin, my night-time nurse. May be more like a surgeon, nice on the eyes, I put that work in. Back when she was on the same block that I would service. Said, It's straight, we need a place up in Jamaica Estates. And she was like, Oh no in a silky Kimono. Said the streets, the snakes, plus Governor Cuomo. Flashes out the window, people takin' my photo. She knew I wasn't gon' be no husband, I be a no-show. Leave her standin' at the altar, bro, I couldn't falter. Plus that Nigerian blood mixed in her culture. Body like she Evel Knievel, on the soul cycle. Lookin' like Janet, dance like Michael. She knew I wasn't cut from the cloth to be a Czar. Now she hit the town with the legal Escobar, she's my—Tanasia, Tanasia. If you're not from Queensbridge, then you must be from Asia. Never knew a love like this before, who said you was just a whore?. Where you walk, love, I kiss the floor. Tanasia, Tanasia. If you're not from Queensbridge, then you must be from Asia. Never knew a love like this before, who said you was just a whore?. Where you walk, love, I kiss the floorWe fresh outta the Met Gala, express power. Exude the essence of best-dressed for the next hour. Toast glasses, velvet ropes, no trespassin'. Hella smoke, our section has the best fashion. Picture us laughin', how ticklish the money has us. Like little kids, but the difference is we'd much rather. Be ghost, back in the crib, some avocado toast. Laid-back, we choose that over Amalfi Coast. Chillin', startin' to think about children. And bringin' 'em in the world with Kim Jong illin'. But since I'm feelin' what I'm feelin' and she feelin' what she feelin'. I'm willin', she's willin', we buildin'. Every man originated in Asia. One continent, Africa was a part of Asia. Here we are, in this Western Civilization. I believe that we was destined to make itTanasia, Tanasia. If you're not from Queensbridge, then you must be from Asia. Never knew a love like this before, who said you was just a whore?. Where you walk, love, I kiss the floor. Tanasia, Tanasia. If you're not from Queensbridge, then you must be from Asia. Never knew a love like this before, who said you was just a whore?. Where you walk, love, I kiss the floorI want to dedicate this song right here. To Jonathan Jackson and George Jackson. Peace to those brothers. I want to shout out my man Sherm the Worm. Eighty years. Come home nigga. Come home, niggas. .. UghI just burnt my American flag. And sent three cracker Nazis to hell and I'm sad. Ugh, I'm loading tips in my Mag'. To send these redneck bigots some death in a bag. Choke him out with his confederate flag. I know these devils are mad. Little rap fans who live way out in safe suburbia. Would you stand with me, a United States murdurer?(Testifyyyyy for me). Huh? Would you testify?. You buy my songs. You buy my songs. But will you ride with me?. (Testifyyyyy for me). You understand my struggle. That's what you claim right?. (Testifyyyyy for me). Then get your aim right. And get your game tightDon't buy my songs, y'all don't roll with it. Coming to concerts singing ho and shit. Fuck y'all lil' lil' ho bitches. I don't need y'all, I'll go gold with it. I heard y'all was downloading it, heh. Like I'm y'all man who be exposing shit, heh. Like ah, William Cooper. Who told you the Pale Horse is the future(Testifyyyyy for me). Would you testify on some realness like that?. I think you scared (heh). I don't think you prepared. Yeah. (Testifyyyyy for me). You know what I'm asking you?. (Testifyyyyy for me). Do we know what I'm asking you? (hahaha). Wow.... (Testifyyyyy for me). Wow.... (Testifyyyyy for me). (Testifyyyyy for me)I pull a string on the lamp and shit darkens. I'm living in an elegant Moroccan apartment. Proletarian chicks sparking. Convo weak and I don't really care for her jargon. Balcony is windy, looking at the stars and. Alky on the Henny, woozy in the head, wobbling. Gucci pillow on the bed, while she giving nogging. Listening and tripping off the Maxwell album. Thinking I should leave to a European island. Bristol and Spain, bring a book about Stalin. Dinner serenaded with a violin. But shorty not qualified to be took to that kind of outing. Gotta be a fly bitch to hang around that fly shit. Fine dining Olive Garden. Nah bitch, Nas is In the real deal. Food spots on the constant. Pick the right wine, a Chianti to wash it. Lifestyle encompasses top-notch watches. Rolexes, synonymous shit I'm copping. Ask her has she been around duffle bags. Full of that fuck you cash. Get off the jet with me in heels, I'll cup your ass. Looking in my eyes saying Nas, you're one lucky bastard. Grip your clutch, you'll get finger fucked in the passenger. I hit the dutch, blow smoke out, music and laughter. See us in the coupe flying passed yaEsco, dress code, it changes. Harrods in England. Back to the star spangled labels in my closet hanging. Counting wonder in the Tundra. Get humbled or disgruntled when I come through, confront ya. Let nothing slide, sly remarks, you must wanna die. But you fronting, why? When we all know you pumpkin pie. When we in the bus we fly better shit than Emirates. To Dubai, to the Chi, I'm a crucial conflict. Heaven sent, cause a storm, typhoon flood you out. You are what a thug about, I'm a fucking juggernaut. Never sleep, never tire, keep a freak I tie up. Who don't speak, she quiet. So I can think, conspire. On my feet's a (?), and sometimes sneakers. Wear ties at the Setai Miami. Time-pieces are from Zurich. It’s like I'm allergic, to Nonoxynol 9. Give it to you raw so you can feel itBraveheart...I carry the cross, if Virgin Mary had an abortion. I'd still be carried in the chariot by stampedin' horses. Had to bring it back to New York. I'm happy that the streets is back in New York. For you rappers, I carry the cross. I carry the cross, if Virgin Mary had an abortion. I'd still be carried in the chariot by stampedin' horses. Had to bring it back to New York. I'm happy that the streets is back in New York. For you rappers, I carry the crossY'all can keep y'all weak beats from your corny producers. There's a new king of the streets, you're gonna get used to. I was the old king of the streets, that y'all once hated. But now I reinvented myself, and y'all all waited. NAS, N.A.S. mean Niggas Against Society. Noisy I aim, not silently, noose all surroundin' me. I hang 'em, I string 'em up, ain't no thing, I just drop 'em. To which doctor you copped. And you locked and it ain't what it was. I changed it up from that pop shit, it's hard to see R&B. Rappers arguably, started fuckin' up the game horribly. 'Cause I parted the sea, then these novices targeted me. Bitches infatuated say they love me lyin' to me. What I've discovered is my brother's tryin' to be. The next me, yeah I support him, but he's blinded I see. Jealousy, he love me to death and I'm buggin'. I love him for life, we both still mournin' on our mother's life. And I don't need much but a Dutch, a bitch to fuck. A six, a truck, some guns to bust. I wish it was that simple, the last emperor, hit yo' ass. With the Nasty Nas diary, get out my pathI carry the cross, if Virgin Mary would've an abortion. I'd still be carried in the chariot by stampedin' horses. Had to bring it back to New York. I'm happy that the streets is back in New York. For you rappers, I carry the cross. I carry the cross, if Virgin Mary had an abortion. I'd still be carried in the chariot by stampedin' horses. Had to bring it back to New York. I'm happy that the streets is back in New York. For you rappers, I carry the crossI can't keep a bitch 'cause none of them come before little Des. I can't be too rich, too many hoes lined up for sex. I can't rest until my niggas in houses with pretty mazes. Water and flowers in 'em. While my niggas walk around in they trousers grinnin'. Gotta keep a lot of heat; .30 cals, 10 millimeters. .40 cals plus the Heckler to set y'all straight. You too light? I shoot your freckles out. You too dark? The infrared show you what the TEC about. Huh? I'm stressin' out, need more offices for bosses. Secretaries and meetings with big sharks who mad greedy. We can sell mo' boats on the coast. Give coats to the po', and give hope to the broke, then live low. But that ain't reality; I look happy, but under the sky. You see a nigga who know, out of three women two out of three. Will love you but lead you to they own hidden evil. Bitch! You the reason niggas be beefin', ho get on. 'Posed to be Earth, ain't worth the pussy that you sit on. From here on it's a new day. Million dollars ain't what it was yesterday. Many problems, many niggas, most involved but they fake. Hope y'all relateI carry the cross, if Virgin Mary had an abortion. I'd still be carried in the chariot by stampedin' horses. Had to bring it back to New York. I'm happy that the streets is back in New York. For you rappers, I carry the cross. I carry the cross, if Virgin Mary had an abortion. I'd still be carried in the chariot by stampedin' horses. Had to bring it back to New York. I'm happy that the streets is back in New York. For you rappers, I carry the cross, I carry the crossHe's the heartbeat of the people. The ghetto people, and when I say ghetto people. The people who cannot afford to go to big concert. Some of these people do not even have TV, so they can't afford cable. Some of them can afford a radio. So the only thing they can listen to is the music. People the ghetto, people from the projects, street people. Hortical ghetto youth who know what it is to sing about suffering and realityNas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don. Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don, dance. Inna New York City-city, New York City-city (YEAH!). (YEAH!) New York City-city, New York City-citySmoking a escubano, guzzle my second bottle. Hope I don't catch a homo. Grossing our net, simultaneously making me climb higher. Heinous crimes behind me, search but can't find me, fuck sadness. Had this been you having this lavish. Habitual happiness, at me you wouldn’t look backwards. You would have sex on condominium roof decks. So anyone move next, I'll hit you with two TECs. Rocking Roberto Cavalli, no shirt on, convertible Mazi. My Colombiana mommy riding beside me. Every tat mean something, that’s my word on my body. I’ll have to lean something with that Mossberg shotty. My niggas is ignant, put lead in your pigment. Just 'cause y'all was mad at all the years I was getting it. In '97 the six, '98 the Bentley. Now it’s the Ghost Phantom, and y'all can't stand him butNas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don. Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don, dance. Inna New York City-city, New York City-city. New York City-city, New York City-city (yeah)Army jacket swag, army jacket green and black. With the square top pocket that snaps. Where the gas at?. Pass that, not you, you hold cracks in your ass crack. I never did that, my sock's where my stash was at. Yo, I used to listen to that Red Alert and Rap Attack. I fell in love with all that poetry I mastered that. Cutting school where Preme team and Fat Cat was at. Future not crystal clear yet, Baccarat. Now I'm the one who repping Queens. Way beyond your wildest dreams. Bottles on bottles with sparklers surround my team. That long cash get the baddest bitches out they jeans. Twenty years in this game, looking seventeen. I don't lean: no codeine, promethazine. I just blow green, pick which bitch to bless the king. Although he’s on to another chapter. Heavy D gave this beat to Salaam for me to rap to, raaaahhhNas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don. Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don, dance. Inna New York City-city, New York City-city. New York City-city, New York City-cityYeah, yeah. New York is like an Island, a big Rikers Island. The cops be out wilding, all I hear is sirens. It's all about surviving. Same old two-step, try to stay alive when they be out robbing. I been out rhyming since born knowledge. Like prophet Muhammad said the ink from a scholar. Worth more than the blood of a martyr, so I'ma. Keep it on 'til I see a billion dollars. Keep your friends close and your enemies closer. Love model chocha, mommy pop it like she 'pose to. Eyes red shot like I'm never sober. Big time smoker, Indonesian doja. Mini me's you can hold up. Before you end up wet up from my soldier. Don shit, under fire I remain on some calm shit. This for every ghetto in the hood. Nas the Don, Super Cat the Don Dada, understoodNas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don. Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don, dance. Inna New York City-city, New York City-city. New York City-city, New York City-city, New York...Yeah. Peace king. Peace king. Listen, if they wrote a book on your life. Right. You think anybody'll read it?. No fuckin' doubt!. Let's make history homie. Aight then. You know we brought the hoes, clothes and money rolls to the table. {*laughing*} No, fuckin', doubt. It's time to manifest this. Tuu, we the flyest nigga. Bring it to a whole, y'know?. Gangsta niggaNiggas better watch ya back, it's so cold. Pinky rings shinin', so act like y'don't know. Bitches in heat for niggas that got dough. We the flyest gangsters. What you don't got is my natural glow. Countin' out stacks and mackin' out hoes. Pushin' big dicks and packin' our chrome. We the flyest gangstersFollow; I'm like a Lamborghini green Diablo. Coupe VT, it's like DVD when I flow. Feel me, I'm loved like the great late Malik Sealy. The one the playa haters hate dearly, but can't near me. Homicide can't scare me. I o-bide by the laws of these streets sincerely, a real nigga. The type that can build with ya. Verbalize bring life to a still picture, it's God-given. Been blessed with Allah's vision, strength and beauty. Truly my only duty is to dodge prison. Play with me, I'm modest 'til them strays hit me. Regardless the circumstances I'ma stay filthy. Dough forever, the live stay low forever. And fuck niggas, 'cause it's hard to keep them close together. One dependent, no wife, one co-defendant. No forms of weakness, I flow with vengeanceNiggas better watch ya back, it's so cold. Pinky rings shinin', so act like y'don't know. Bitches in heat for niggas that got dough. We the flyest gangsters. What you don't got is my natural glow. Countin' out stacks and mackin' out hoes (hoes). Pushin' big dicks and packin' our chrome (ha). We the flyest gangstersI do what I can do when I can do it. Feel how I feel when I feel what I'm feelin'. Live how I live it's only 'cause I been through it. Learn to try it like to eat it and shit, it's nuttin' to it. Burn it light it weed it and off the liquor, while drivin' outside. I'll never catch a vehicular homicide. My music is a description of my vibe of course. My life, my sites, my thoughts, what I like on my fork. 'Cause you are what you eat, you eat what you can. You pray to bless the food but first you wash your hands. To wash away them bad spirits, don't bring it in your home. Once you let them in they stayin', evil be gone, say it. I'm proud of Mase for givin' himself to the Lord. Wonderin' does Faith, think about Big anymore. Of course my nigga Horse got married, see shit is changin'. We ain't these little niggas no more, runnin' dangerous. I like to bone, I'm a peaceful brother. Eat up so much the girls call me seafood lover. Be havin' they legs shakin', stab 'em, break 'em. I'm Hercules Hercules when havin' relations, the flyestNiggas better watch ya back, it's so cold. Pinky rings shinin', so act like y'don't know. Bitches in heat for niggas that got dough. We the flyest gangsters. What you don't got is my natural glow (uhh). Countin' out stacks and mackin' out hoes (hoes). Pushin' big dicks and packin' our chrome (ha). We the flyest gangstersWe put this on the, soul of our born, as we hold the Qur'an. Kamikaze style. Older cats coaching us on. Yo, it's kill or be killed. Understand, real'll be real. A forty-shot spectrum make your whole embassy kneel. Identity sealed, protected by our energy shield. And fuck a drop, 'cause that's that shit that got Kennedy killed. Close the book. Was taught never expose a crook. Between the knight and the bishop. One'll knock ya rook. I'm a rare breed, never had a fear to lead. I ain't like niggas with sight, too impaired to read. We both hard hit just like Camacho and Vargas, who's a target?. Now watch how we close the market, motherfuckersNiggas better watch ya back, it's so cold. Pinky rings shinin', so act like y'don't know. Bitches in heat for niggas that got dough. We the flyest gangsters. What you don't got is my natural glow. Countin' out stacks and mackin' out hoes. Pushin' big dicks and packin' our chrome. We the flyest gangsters. . Niggas better watch ya back, it's so cold. Pinky rings shinin', so act like y'don't know. Bitches in heat for niggas that got dough. We the flyest gangsters. What you don't got is my natural glow. Countin' out stacks and mackin' out hoes. Pushin' big dicks and packin' our chrome. We the flyest gangstersFake thug, no love, you get the slug, CB4 Gusto. Your luck low, I didn't know 'til I was drunk though. You freak niggas played out, get fucked and ate out. Prostitute turned bitch, I got the gauge out. 96 ways I made out, Montana way. The Good F-E-L-L-A, verbal AK spray. Dipped attache, jump out the Range, empty out the ashtray. A glass of 'Zé make a man Cassius Clay. Red dot plots, murder schemes. 32 shotguns, regulate with my dunns. 17 rocks gleam from one ring. They let me let y'all niggas know one thing. There's one life, one love, so there can only be one King. The highlights of livin', Vegas-style, roll dice in linen. Antera spinnin' on millenniums. 20 G bets I'm winnin' 'em, threats I'm sendin' 'em. Lex with TV sets the minimum, ill sex adrenaline. Party with villains, a case of Demi-Sec. To chase the Henny, wet any clique with the semi TEC. Who want it? Diamonds I flaunt it. Chickenheads flock I lace 'em, fried broiled with basil taste 'em. Crack the legs way out of formation. It's horizontal how I have 'em fuckin' me in the Benz wagon. Can it be Vanity from Last Dragon?. Grab your gun, it's on though. Shit is grimy, real niggas buck in broad daylight. With the broke MAC that won't spray right. Don't give a fuck who they hit as long as the drama's lit. Yo, overnight thugs bug ‘cause they ain't promised shit. Hungry-ass hooligans stay on that piranha shitI peeped you frontin'. I was in the Jeep sunk in the seat, tinted with heat, beats bumpin'. Across the street you was wildin'. Talkin' about how you ran the Island in '89. Layin' up, playin' the yard with crazy shine. I cocked the baby 9, that nigga grave be mine. Clanked him—what was he thinkin'?. On my corner when it's pay-me time. Dug 'em, you owe me, cousin. Somethin' told me Plug him!. So dumb, felt my leg burn, then it got numb. Spun around and shot one. Heard shots and dropped, son, caught a hot one. Somebody take this biscuit 'fore the cops come. Then they came askin' me my name. What the fuck? I got stitched up, it went through. Left the hospital that same night, what. Got my gat back, time to backtrack. I had the drop so how the fuck I get clapped?. Black was in the Jeep watchin'. All he seen speed by was a brown Datsun. And yo, nobody in my hood got one. That clown nigga's through, blazin' at his crew daily. The Bridge touched me up severely, hear me?. So when I rhyme it's sincerely yours. Be lightin' Ls, sippin' Coors on all floors in project halls. Contemplatin' war niggas I was cool with before. We used to score together uptown coppin' the raw. But a thug changes and love changes. And best friends become strangers, word upThug niggas, yo, to them thug niggas. Gettin' it on in the world, you know?. To them niggas that's locked down. Doin' they thing, survivin', ya know'm sayin'?. To my thorough niggas, New York and worldwide. Yo, to the Queensbridge Militia. 9-6 shit, The Firm clique. Illmatic, nigga, It Was Written though. It's been a long time comin'. Y'all fake niggas, tryin' to copy. Better come with the real though, fake-ass niggas, yo. (They throw us slugs, we throwin' them back, what). Bring the shit, man! Live, man!. (Fuck that son, word up) 9-6 shitUh, Massa used to breed us to be bigger to go play. Athletes of today in the NBA, make me proud. But there's somethin' they don't say. Keep gettin' accused for abusin' White pussay. From OJ to Kobe, uh let's call him Tobe. First he played his life cool just like Michael. Now he rock ice too just like I do. Yo, you can't do better than that?. The hotel clerk who adjusts the bathroom mat?. Now you lose sponsorships that you thought had your back. Yeah, you beat the rap jiggaboo, fake nigga you. You turn around then you shit on Shaq. Who woulda knew, Mr. Goodie-Two-Shoes. He love a little butt crack, got enough cash. Little kids with they bus pass who look up to you. To do something for the youth, stupid spoof. But you let them use you as an example. They would rep, but our heroes got they hands fullYou Homey The Clown, bowtie, apple pie, Bo Jangles. But we love Bo Jangles, we know what he came through. But what's your excuse, duke? You talk Black. But your album sound like you give your nuts for a plaque. You don't ride for the facts like um, say Scarface. You don't know what you feel, y'all too safe. Election done came and went, y'all worked so hard for it. Huh, and in the end we all got dicked. These are our heroes, thanks a lot public school systems still rot. Still harassed by cops, snitches on blocks. Sellin they peoples out - some real folks with clout. Tavis Smiley , Michael Eric Dyson. Stokely Carmichael, let's try to be like them. Nicky Giovanni poetical black female. Jim Brown to the people who sing well from. Fela to Miriam Makeba. The mirror says you are the next American leader. So don't be, acceptin new 'We are the World' records. These pickaninnies get with anything to sell records. Cause it's trendy to be the conscious MC. But next year, who knows what we'll see?. Ha-Ha, these are our heroesUnited States in fear. London knows I'm a phantom, South Korea knows I'm here. Posted, planted without exception. Rise to your feet for this rarity. Nas and Dilla beat, the fly soliloquy. Some real nigga talkin'. This don't happen too often, take precaution. Liars and frauds got you exhausted. You've been accosted. Who told you I'd lost it?. I just put it down for a second, damn. Can the king lounge for a second, kick his hooves up?. Grow stubble on the face for once without a smooth cut?. Grow a little gut, can't even enjoy the fruit of my labor. Before they call me Luke and hand me my lightsaber. The ruler's back, you can tell by the trumpets. Prince of Wales sent me tea, biscuits, crumpets. Jewelry cost more than the car, car cost 200. Get out your chair, the season of NasirJay Elec doesn't write it. HOV couldn't write it, he vacationin'. Jungle the only brother I take shit from. Hassan give me lines, we talk all the time. So I guess if he inspired my song it ain't mine. Let me make this clear, they fear the gifted. Some say Shakespeare never existed. Wow, now, look at the amount of resistance. Attempts to chisel my face, from the mountain you guessed it. Bitch you guessed it. There, did I answer your questions?. So, now that's out the way let's get back to my message. Now I'm 40 and a little change. Ride around, sport a new Benz, a little Range. Havin' fun, my little man gettin' big. He and my daughter down, when we talk it's real. Nothin' is watered down, young boy swag. I'm here today as well as the 90's. But the past, like my ass, is behind me. Ignite the pyrex. Try to bite this, get Nasty Nas-itis. Arthritis when you try to write this. Asking why is the Feds at my niggas?. Why the Feds at my niggas?. I know by now I should be talkin' bread, crack, and figures. But not stressin', knot stressin'. I'm survivin', I'm survivin'. It's funny when I catch cops textin' and drivin'. Who questions and penalizes them?. One day we'll have their ass in court and we'll be tryin' them. Hey yo, it's love for Detroit, Mo-Town, Motor City. Dilla lives on, it's like he wrote it with me. The soulful sample complements my rhyme so well. Slacks by Zegna, or YSL. Matchin' the Saint Laurents, I'm fly as hell. Hands in the air, the season of NasirYeah, it's that time, yeah, Dilla rest in peace, what up Detroit?. Fly ladies, dope dealers and killers. Worldwide, NY. Yeah, yeah, the season. Yeah, this is the season...Uhh.. (yeah, yeah, yeah). Q.B. since 1933 (no doubt). To nine-six (nine-six motherfucker). Check the shitCheck the shit. My mind's set, son got wet, I'm vexed really. They snatched off his Rolex, smacked his bitch silly. Why niggas actin' illy? Word to Will, he 'bout to feel it. I feel it, he shoulda been dealt with it. Them niggas sour, they put to much flour in their coke. And got the nerve to wonder WHY THEY'RE BROKE. While we was gleamin', niggas was schemin'. Seen the ill Beamers beamin'. Triple-beam and doublin' cream had 'em fiendin'. To get they fingers on the dosa, I called Sosa. Sosa, these niggas hit the God, bring the toaster. Meet me in the Bridge, I'm bout to go loca. Left my rat beggin' me to stay and stroke her. He came through with two fly bitches, Venus and Vicious. With two MACs inside the Volvo, what up God, I'm still sober. I need some Henn to bend me over, my nigga Hav gotta soldier. It's gettin' down, it's goin' down kid (I got this, I got this). I heard he might not live, I'm holdin' back tears. Told these broads to put it in gear. With two females that don't smile, diggin' they style, yo. What up son? These niggas done started somethin' wild. You know the clique well, Rhamel with the gold in his grill. Tried to get a name, holding the steel. I paid attention to the females. Maintained bitches when it get real. Sos' pulled me close and told me the deal. He said both hoes'll peel. Spray shots and reload and still handle the wheel. Point 'em out, smoke a Phil' then chill. I laid back, Escobar status. Knowin' The Firm got it cornered, we on it, shit we was born withSpark the lye, Q.B.C. yo it's do or die. In this, business of trifeness. I finesse this, Boyardee, we chef shit. Perfect shit, Albert Einstein minds connect wit'. Dangerous sons, step back let the TEC lift. Lift you up, bless you with a shorty then we set you up. Spark the lye, Q.B.C. yo it's do or die. In this, business of trifeness. We finesse this, Boyardee, we chef shit. Perfect shit, Albert Einstein minds connect wit'. Dangerous sons, step back let the TEC lift. Lift you up, bless you with a shorty then we set you upHold it right there, pull over. That nigga right there inside the Rover. I knew he'd be right here, I told you. Let's get him now, look at him smile, ice Bulova. Polo pullover, big links and rockin' boulders. He's stuntin', after he left my man like that. Without a fair chance to fight back, but I'll be right back. He never seen us, Sos' gave the MAC to Venus. And Vicious, lookin' delicious, handle yo' business. And step to him, shake your ass, try to screw him. Do what ya gotta do to get to him. A tight Parasuco with young faces. Can turn niggas Buttafuoco, of all ages. They was amused by the way they walked, way they talked. Only if they knew these girls had sprayed New York. If they had to, heard him ask Venus, Could I have you?. He jumped out a Jeep, heard her tell him Don't grab, boo. They started chattin', was only bout a minute, flat when. They jumped in the back of the Jeep laughin'. We followed them pollyin', he thought the hoes were Somalian. Probably when they hit the Holiday Inn. I grabbed the phone and called the Mobb and them. We laid low about a hour or so, these bitches movin' too slow. We both holdin', what if them wild hoes started foldin'?. Sosa said Say no more, we started rollin'. Before we got in they must have shot him, security wildin'. There the girls go, hurry up we out. In the 940, me, Sosa and two shorties. The punk niggas got murdered in the orgySpark the lye, Q.B.C. yo it's do or die. In this, business of trifeness. I finesse this, Boyardee, we chef shit. Perfect shit, Albert Einstein minds connect wit'. Dangerous sons, step back let the TEC lift. Lift you up, bless you with a shorty then we set you upQ.B.C., Queensbridge motherfucker. Roping niggas up. Cause our clique is thick. Another day, another dollar. More money, more murder. Fuck this shit, Q.B. up in the house(It's yours). Whose world is this?. The world is yours, the world is yours. It's mine, it's mine, it's mine—whose world is this?. (It's yours). It's mine, it's mine, it's mine—whose world is this?. The world is yours, the world is yours. It's mine, it's mine, it's mine—whose world is this?I sip the Dom P, watchin' Gandhi 'til I'm charged, then. Writin' in my book of rhymes, all the words past the margin. Behold the mic I'm throbbin', mechanical movement. Understandable smooth shit that murderers move with. The thief's theme, play me at night, they won't act right. The fiend of hip-hop has got me stuck like a crack pipe. The mind activation, react like I'm facin'. Time like Pappy Mason, with pens I'm embracin'. Wipe the sweat off my dome, spit the phlegm on the streets. Suede Timbs on my feet makes my cipher complete. Whether cruisin' in a Six cab or Montero Jeep. I can't call it, the beats make me fallin' asleep. I keep fallin', but never fallin' six feet deep. I'm out for presidents to represent me (Say what?). I'm out for presidents to represent me (Say what?). I'm out for dead presidents to represent meWhose world is this?. The world is yours, the world is yours. It's mine, it's mine, it's mine—whose world is this?. The world is yours, the world is yours. It's mine, it's mine, it's mine—whose world is this?. (It's yours). It's mine, it's mine, it's mine—whose world is this?. The world is yours, the world is yours. It's mine, it's mine, it's mine—whose world is this?To my man Ill Will. God bless your life. To my peoples throughout Queens. God bless your life. I trip, we box up crazy bitches. Aimin' guns in all my baby pictures. Beef with housing police, release scriptures that's maybe Hitler's. Yet I'm the mild, money-gettin' style, rollin' foul. The versatile, honey-stickin', wild, golden child. Dwellin' in the Rotten Apple, you get tackled. Or caught by the devil's lasso, shit is a hassle. There's no days for broke days. We sell it, smoke pays, while all the old folks pray. To Jesús, soakin' their sins in trays of holy water. Odds against Nas are slaughter. Thinkin' a word best describin' my life to name my daughter. My strength, my son, the star will be my resurrection. Born in correction, all the wrong shit I did. He'll lead a right direction. How you livin'? Large, a broker charge, cards are mediocre. You flippin' coke or playin' spit, spades, and strip poker?(It's yours). It's mine, it's mine, it's mine—whose world is this?. The world is yours, the world is yours. It's mine, it's mine, it's mine—whose world is this?. (It's yours). It's mine, it's mine, it's mine—whose world is this?. Yo, the world is yours, the world is yours. It's mine, it's mine, it's mine—whose world is this?. (It's yours)Break it down. It's yours, it's yours. It's yours, it's yoursI'm the young city bandit, hold myself down single-handed. For murder raps, I kick my thoughts alone, get remanded. Born alone, die alone, no crew to keep my crown or throne. I'm deep by sound alone, caved inside, 1,000 miles from home. I need a new nigga for this black cloud to follow. ‘Cause while it's over me it's too dark to see tomorrow. Tryin' to maintain, I flip, fill the clip to the tip. Picturin' my peeps not eatin' can make my heartbeat skip. And I'm amped up, they locked the champ up. Even my brain's in handcuffs. Headed for Indiana, stabbin' women like the Phantom. The crew is lampin', Big Willie style. Check the chip-toothed smile, plus I profile wild. Stash loot in fly clothes, burnin' dollars to light my stoge. Walk the blocks with a bop, checkin' dames. Plus the games people play bust the problems of the world today(It's yours). It's mine, it's mine, it's mine—whose world is this?. The world is yours, the world is yours. It's mine, it's mine, it's mine—whose world is this?. (It's yours). The world is yours, the world is yours. It's mine, it's mine, it's mine—whose world is this?. (It's yours). Yeah, the world is yours, the world is yours. It's mine, it's mine, it's mine—whose world is this?. (It's yours)Yeah, a'ight?. To everybody in Queens, the foundation (It's yours!). The world is yours. To everybody uptown, yo, the world is yours (It's yours!). The world is yours. To everybody in Brooklyn. Y'all know the world is yours (It's yours!). The world is yours. Everybody in Mount Vernon, the world is yours (It's yours!). Long Island, the world is yours (It's yours!). Staten Island, yeah, the world is yours (It's yours!). South Bronx, the world is yours (It's yours!). Aight(Who's world is this?). (Who's world is this?). La la la, la la la. (Who's world is this?)I sip the Dom P, watchin' Gandhi 'til I'm charged. Writin' in my book of rhymes, all the words past the margin. To hold the mic I'm throbbin', mechanical movement. Understandable smooth shit that murderers move with. The thief's theme, play me at night, they won't act right. A fiend of hip-hop, it's got me stuck like a crack pipe. The mind activation, react like I'm facin'. Time like 'Pappy' Mason with pens I'm embracin'. Wipe the sweat off my dome, spit the phlegm on the streets. And the Nikes on my feet keep my cipher complete. Whether cruisin' in a Sikh's cab, or Montero Jeep. I can't call it, beats make me fallin' asleep. I keep fallin', but never fallin' six feet deep. I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money). I'm out for presidents to represent me (Take money). I'm out for dead fuckin' presidents to represent me(Whose world is this?). The world is yours. Disciple of the projects slash verbal murderer. (Whose world is this?). Yeah, the world is yours. To the phillie bluntheads, crack-pumpin' drug murderers. (Whose world is this?). The world is yours. To my niggas comin' home from lockdown with new plans. (Whose world is this?). Fuck it, the world is mine. Holdin' a stolen cop's Glock with G-notes in my hand. (Whose world is this?)To my man Ill Will, God bless your life. To my peoples throughout Queens, God bless your life. My insight enlights vision. Words of wisdom, niggas pay me intuition to listen. To murder paragraphs of mysticism. Man plant seeds that brings forth multiple breeds. So many cultures on one planet but one culture's free. Son, I need weed to proceed. Change the flow speed and I'm gettin' vex Giuliani you 6-6-6. There's no days for broke days sellin' smoke pays. I toke the chocolate potent phillies never roach-sprayed. Shit is a hassle, the Bridge is like a haunted castle. The mic's my religion, the system is the Devil's lasso. And yo, the trife life is the most influential. Though colors on men's skins and pens is coincidental. How you livin', large or broker?. You're wastin' time extortin' papers from smokers. Catchin' court papers gettin' brokerThe world is mine. Persona of late Tony Montana yet gettin' mine. (Whose world is this?). The whole world is mine. Who want it, I never front it, I'm forever blunted, hittin' lye. (Whose world is this?). Henny up with the lye (La la la). Never stop, we don't stop (La la la). The Hennylo, puffin' lye y'all (La la la). Don't stop the Hennylo (La la la). Who puff the lye? (La la la). Everyday, puff the lye plus the Hennylo (La la la)I'm the young city bandit, hold myself down single-handed. For murder raps, I kick my thoughts alone, get remanded. Born alone, die alone, no crew to keep my crown or throne. I'm deep by sound alone, caved inside a thousand miles from home. I need a new nigga, for this black cloud to follow. 'Cause while it's over me it's too dark to see tomorrow. Tryin' to maintain, flip, fill the clip to the tip. Picturin' my peeps not eatin' could make my heartbeat skip. And I'm amped up, they locked the champ up, even my brain's in handcuffs. Headed for Indiana, stabbin' bitches like the Phantom. The crew is lampin' Ill Will style. Check the gold-toothed smile, plus I profile wild. Stash loot in fly clothes, burnin' dollars to light my stoge. Walk the blocks with a bop. Checkin' dames plus the games people play. I check the games plus the games people play. Bust the problems of the world todayYeah yeah, yeah Wizard, keep that lye in the air. Yo, I wanna give a shout out to the whole fuckin' Queens. My man Tipster on the boards, keepin' it real Lord. The Queensbridge nation, get it on. Fakin' no fuckin' jacks, fuck around and get your wig pushed back. And big shoutout to my man Killa, Ron Du, it's on you. L.E.S. on another murder quest. '94, we out. Keep the lye in the air, Hennessy everywhere. Keep the la la goin'...One, two. Check, one, two. One, two, who got more style, the son do. One, two. Check, one, two. One, two, who got more style, the son do. Check, one, twoYo, I'm hot like 95 Fahrenheit. On a summer night, tight spot where bodies rot. Rats drink from water drops, in the streets, niggas. Little kids scared cops, with red dots. Philosophical gangsta, with violent priors. Going back like black and white TVs with pliers. Leaning on broke down cars with flat tires. Flash iron on anybody trying on the blocks I'm supplying on. Madicon, my peeps, tie ballons up. And swallow 'em, and the P now got goons, lots of 'em. Cops see them and run, don't want no drama. Certain parts of the streets, the beast don't want a part of. Martyr, hood haunted like the Dakota. Where John Lennon was shot up, but he sang for peace. He begged for freedom, hanged with wild Jamicians. From Kingston, who drink Irish Moss. Listening to Peter Winston, Machintosh. Lightning hits the top of the church steeple. When I'm writing, semi-automatic, no hyphen. It's frighteningI take summers off 'cause I love winter beef. Started '87, with the shotty in the sheep. Three-quarter length, beige, dressed to kill. Bust a shell at the ground, pellets hit the crowd. Nobody like a snitch, everybody shut they mouth. Woolrich, Carhart, gun powder stains. Smelling like trees, sensimille on the brain. Scheming on your girls, bamboos on your chain. Got ill up on the train. Twisting off a cap of a English in my vein. Might've pushed you on the tracks. Deaf crack fiends who can't speak, scream noises. Cause she bought a jum of soap from one of my boys. It's just another day in the hood. And I'm with some wild brothers, up to no good. We saw the movies, like Tony Montana, and 'em. But our style was let them pile, then we robbin 'em. Money dudes, make 'em come up out they shoes. Run they jewels, word is bond, where my man Nino going. And I had to make a song, speaking on my old life. For the thieves who come out at nightOne, two. Check, one, two. One, two. Check, one, two. One, two, who got more style, the son doThis bitter land. Watered with my soul. The fruit it bears. Leaves me so cold. This bitter land. Does nothing for love. This bitter land. Brings pain from above, oh-ohYeah, running on the concrete across the train tracks. The devil is behind me. In the ghetto where's you'll find me, it's where I stays at. Cop shot us up, he get a medal then retire. But it never will define me. Write a letter to the president, whoever in control of the society. Tell 'em stop riding me, stop driving us into a suicidal ideology. Tryna feed my seeds. Getting high on weed, study my degrees. Stay fly, getting paper. With some dead white people faces in the circle of spaces around the green. I'ma lean, taking Percs It’s a bitter Earth. Is a nigga cursed? Am I blessed? See what I mean. It's a test, life is a test. Life is like a hood, hard. Trying not to fall between the cracks. In the cracks it's so dark, and the dark. Seems more appealing than the light in the land. Where you gotta fight. Catch a body in the night, we need a plan. To survive, to survive the land. Survive the storm, when it comes through. Either you're busy living or busy dying, look what it's come to. Look what it's come to, so what you're gonna do?This bitter land is far too real. This bitter land, it does not heal. Cause in the land skies are grey. But we fight the storms that come our way. A boy who strives to be a man. Must push to lead with all he can. Oh, this bitter land. Oh, bitter land. Oh, oh, oh, oooh. This bitter land, can't stop my fight. This bitter landLook what it's come to. So what you gonna do?. What you gonna do?. (My land)I want you to close your eyes. And vision the most beautiful place in the world. If you in the hood on the ghetto street corner. Come on this journey, the best journey. A mansion, acres of land and swimming pools and all that. Check it outI'm capable of anything, my imagination can give me wings. To fly like doves over the streets, watchin' many things. Kids walkin' home from school on drug blocks. Missionaries pass out papers that read Love God. I see faces, cases, judges, and juries, Masons, lawyers and cops. I watch because every thug's face is my mirror. But this was one in particular. This kid, he was the vintage stick 'em up pro. Sixteen years old, did his jail sentence, nowhere to go. Every morning, calls his comrade to come and get him to smoke. He insane, already gone mad blames himself for his setbacks. Dangerous street corners where it sets at. Slang from dust to dawn, detectives act like they maniacs. Chasin' him, his asthma's flarin'. Smokin' like a chimney, on Remy, of course he not carin'. He need a place to go to keep his mind expandin'. I give him a helping hand, bring him out to Thugz MansionEvery corner, every city. There's a place where life's a little easy. Little Hennessy, laid back and cool. Every hour, 'cause it's all good. Leave all the stress from the world outside. Every wrong done will be alright. Nothing but peace, love, and street passion. Every ghetto needs a thug mansionDear Mama, don't cry, your baby boy's doin' good. Tell the homies I'm in Heaven and they ain't got hoods. Seen a show with Marvin Gaye last night, it had me shook. Drippin' peppermint Schnapps, with Jackie Wilson and Sam Cooke. Then some lady named Billie Holiday sang. Sittin' there kickin' it with Malcolm 'til the day came. Little LaTasha sho' grown. Tell the lady in the liquor store that she's forgiven, so come home. Maybe in time you'll understand. Only God can save us, when Miles Davis cuttin' lose with the band. Just think of all the people that you knew in the past. That passed on, they in Heaven, found peace at last. Picture a place that they exist, together. There has to be a place better than this, in Heaven. So right before I sleep, dear God, what I'm askin'. Remember this face, save me a place in Thugz MansionEvery corner, every city. There's a place where life's a little easy. Little Hennessy, laid back and cool. Every hour, 'cause it's all good. Leave all the stress from the world outside. Every wrong done will be alright. Nothing but peace, love, and street passion. Every ghetto needs a thug mansionA place where death doesn't reside, just thugs who collide. Not to start beef but spark trees, no cops rollin' by. No policemen, no homicide, no chalk on the streets. No reason for nobody's momma to cry. See, I'm a good guy, I'm tryin' to stick around for my daughter. But if I should die, I know all of my albums support her. This whole year's been crazy, asked the Holy Spirit to save me. Only difference from me and Ossie Davis, gray hair maybe. 'Cause I feel like my eyes saw too much sufferin'. I'm just twenty-some-odd years. I done lost my mother and I cried tears of joy. I know she smiles on her boy. I dream of you more, my love goes to Afeni Shakur. 'Cause like Ann Jones, she raised a ghetto king in a war. And just for that alone she shouldn't feel no pain no more. 'Cause one day we'll all be together, sippin' heavenly champagne. Where angels soar with golden wings in Thugz MansionEvery corner, every city. There's a place where life's a little easy. Little Hennessy, laid back and cool. Every hour, 'cause it's all good. Leave all the stress from the world outside. Every wrong done will be alright. Nothing but peace, love, and street passion. Every ghetto needs a thug mansionIt's like a cold story.. repeated over and over. In the winters of my mind, yeah. This shit be real, man... Shit's crazy out here... Yo yo, yo what up y'all?. That's my niggas over there, wordIf you scared to take chances, you'll never have the answers. I could tell the future of a dude how his stance is. Wonder will he shoot then you should study where his hands is. Is he gon' cock it and pop it? His waistband big. But he don't have that thing in him, slangin just ain't in him. Body language is off, he's soft. But soft niggas all a sudden start dumpin', frontin'. 'Cause he feel a way: my niggas say the eyes is a giveaway. One look could tell me if you really came to kill me. Be the quiet nigga lookin' lame with the milli. Who that over there creepin'? Who homie by the tree?. Better safe than sorry, look at p-noid me. Few machine guns close, we could squeeze all three. Be a cold day in hell 'fore they creep on me. It’s a lesson every premonition. Lot of niggas killed 'cause they wasn't payin' attention, listenI want a bitch I can trust, some niggas I can trust. Accountants lookin' over my figures I can trust. A lawyer that's fightin' for my decisions I can trust. Damn my nigga, trust, I can never get enough. Or Rugers I can trust, shooters I can trust. Goons that know how to spot out a Judas I can trust. And if I can't trust you, the fuck is you here for?. Some of you niggas' true colors becomin' clear moreIt's been so long, can’t remember how we begun this war. This is a ever-lasting thunderstorm, 'cause guns went off. I see your moms, she still speak. She don't know I ain't cool with her son no more. It’s old shit, see forever we holdin' this grudge. Takes real men to squash beef, end it with hugs. We buried our dead, been years, why should I worry 'bout him?. Constantly watchin' my back, plus niggas tellin' I dread. Another day I put a family in black. Though I be calm and relaxed. Though I know somehow it will come back. Even if I'm in the right, 'cause still a life is a life. What was it worth to see you covered in dirt?. It’s quite redundant, whether you the hunter or the hunted. Mothers cry, no statute of limitation on a homicide. Just tattoos of my niggas' names. I wonder, will it change? Let's ride…I want a bitch I can trust, some niggas I can trust. Accountants lookin' over my figures I can trust. A lawyer that’s fightin' for my decisions I can trust. Damn my nigga, trust, I can never get enough. Or Rugers I can trust, shooters I can trust. Goons that know how to spot out a Judas I can trust. And if I can't trust you, the fuck is you here for?. Some of you niggas' true colors becomin' clear moreIt's rare I listen to niggas who never been in my position. A caterpillar can't relate to what an eagle envisions. From the mind of a man who went at it with killers. Sit down, little man, let me school you in hood business. Seen a lot of niggas blow, lot of dreams folded. Some wasn't humble, ate too much, got bloated. Ain't too much left to buy, bought it, I'm loaded, I guess. Lear jets, I ask myself: do I need love or success?. They say the artist that truly suffers, his stuff is the best. 'Cause his heart bleed on his sleeve: pain, pistols and sex. Remember spray paintin' the word fresh and then starin' at it. Older folks angry, pointin', swearin' at it. Buildings I sprayed, nowadays drive the McLaren past it. Same old man from years ago told me life is short. So from infant to geriatric, trust your own judgment. Live with it and love itI want a bitch I can trust, some niggas I can trust. Accountants lookin' over my figures I can trust. A lawyer that's fightin' for my decisions I can trust. Damn my nigga, trust, I can never get enough. Or Rugers I can trust, shooters I can trust. Goons that know how to spot out a Judas I can trust. And if I can't trust you, the fuck is you here for?. Some of you niggas' true colors becomin' clear moreThe unauthorized copy. Dedication to my children, my child, Destiny Jones. To my niece and nephews, Suree, Malik, Jabari. The world is yours. Acknowledgements: first off I wanna thank God. And I wanna thank everybody for helping me out with this. Couldn't do it without you. Chapter 1January 28, 1968. Born into this world, William Griffin The Great. Chapter 1, Wyandanch, Long Island. Scientific rhyming invented a new style when. He met with Eric Barrier from East Elmhurst. The melody they created was the first. Burst on the scene 1986, with clap to this. '87 dropped a classic disc. The facts is the tracklist was like full. The vocals, the beats, according to Marley Marl. Recorded in my hometown Queensbridge. That's why it's so relative. This biography was unauthorized. I spit it how it was given to author Nas. William changed his name at sixteen to Rakim Allah. Cause Clarence 13X had New York on lock. Gods on every block, jams in every park. I remember hearing Kurtis Blow saying. It can't get better than this. 'Til Run DMC blew my brains to bits. From leather coats to shell toes to the Stan Smiths, to Dapper Dan kicks. First million-dollar deal ever in rap. 18th Letter did that. From 4th & Broadway to Uni to MCA. We followed the leader to Harlem's Apollo Theatre. Supreme, Rap and the 50 that don't rap. Fort Greene, Queens, Long Island wolfpack. Paid In Full posse, hot they was on. And Ra had his firstborn. With the next line I'ma be easy. His wisdom's name is Fifi. EPMD put a record out, was dope. Tension spread, and I quote. Smack me and I smack you back. Sounded like the answer to the I Ain't No Joke track. For a second it ain't look good. Little tension buzzing from Wyandanch to Brentwood. Misunderstood, all forgot. At sixteen when I met Freddie Foxxx. Toting burners, the whole coast's most concern was. How has Rakim's flow made Christians convert with Islamic ways. Let The Rhythm Hit 'Em was the third LP. A sophisticated mean one. Before similar voices were King Sun. A few others, but sooner or later, the game was Ra's kingdom. At sixteen, son was watching him, mesmerized. Respect, not jocking him, was so amazing, besides. He came on the stage with lasers in his eyes. Walk with me nowUnauthorized Biography of Rakim. Epilogue: Mother was a jazz singer. Nephew to R & B legend Ruth Brown. Discography: Paid In Full, Follow The Leader, Let The Rhythm Hit 'Em, Don't Sweat The Technique. That's the end of the group, went on for solo. Dropped The R, then The 18th Letter, then I think something, The Master. Was signed to Aftermath. Scheduled to release an album Oh My God with Dr. Dre. The album was dismantled because of creative differences. The end. To the new beginning, yeah. Next book, KRS-One. PeaceYeah, real conversation for that ass. (It's what they want) huh. (It's what they want) what you say? Can't hear you man. (It's what they want, huh) speak the fuck up. (It's what they want) word. (It's what they want)Nastradamus, skama lit, know when I rep. Flow when I'm set, I got the chips to make a Lotus my whip. Gold on my neck was once a code of respect. For high rollers and vets. Now it's loads of baguettes. Prefer a MAC-10 over a TEC. No matter sober or wet, I smack soldier cadets. Trees that might eject my hype back. Famous phrase Nigga, light that. Hoes you fuck ask you: 'Where your ice at, dunn?'. It's all about Playboys when we was young. Could only get tongue, then finally we can cum. Busting in hoes, guzzling 4's. Crack blitz, '86, you turn hustling pro. From bottles, to seven in your hand. To fake Pepsi's, to get to the crack, unscrew the can. Gleam blunted, seeing 100's, stacks of boy with a lean on it. We got it if the fiends want it. The whole block singing the same theme Don it. Fuck it, too many crabs in the bucket. If it's ice work, I'm gonna truck it. You gotta love it, you gotta love it(It's what they want) fuck it. (It's what they want) you gotta love it. (It's what they want) fuck it. (It's what they want) you gotta love it. (It's what they want) fuck it. (It's what they want) you gotta love it. (It's what they want, huh). (It's what they want) (it's what they want)Some girls get too emotional, fanatic extremist. Compulsive, with malice incentives, the foulest of bitches. Hunger my riches, her childish wishes. Be suspicious of those sleeping with fishes, them hoes. Conspicuous and it shows, tricking this dough. Kicking this flow, slip and you fold. So when your click roll, I let my clips go. Niggas on opposite poles. I got that confident soul, for those locked in a hole. Inhumane, living hostile opposed. To living on the street, proper from my top to my toes. Aeropostale my clothes, Vernon niggas in suburbans with liquor. Preposterous foes, finicky foul niggas. See niggas and blacks, there goes a loud difference. Coke sniffing, tapping 13 year old chickens. You can't be a kingpin when you snitching. Regardless, we still make you a target. We shoot you in jail, chrome objects. Hit you in your own projects, it's street-onomics. This rhyme is edited, credited through ebonics. Miserable cats, hunger paining. Get off your ass, stop complaining. My crew be in Montego Bay margariting, marinating. While you home, waiting your arraignment. This thug life you claimed it, I make millions from entertainment. Now back in the hood, certain cats, they wanna kill me. They ice grill me, but on the low, niggas feel me. You gotta love it, you gotta love it(It's what they want, huh) fuck it. (It's what they want, huh) you gotta love it. (It's what they want) fuck it. (It's what they want) you gotta love it. (It's what they want, huh) fuck it. (It's what they want, huh) you gotta love it. (It's what they want). (It's what they want). (It's what they want, huh). (It's what they want, huh). (It's what they want)Uh.... Pacino life, G a roll, casino dice. At the Mirage, Vegas strip, neon lights. Gamblers, puffin' cigars, couples and stars. Flashin' cameras, dealers, shufflin' cards. Spent the weekend, already miss New York and it's odd. 'Cause I'm the first to say it got too many hustlers who rob. I never hang out, when we do we bust the .45. 'Cause shells comin' back at us while we jump in the ride. Flyin', duckin', our bitches in the club cluckin'. Tellin' my wife who I was dancin' with like I was fuckin'. Flew back, Monday evening from Nevada where the sun was beamin'. To the concrete jungle of cement. Limousine's from LaGuardia airport, sleepin'. Told my dogs peace, kept it movin', I was beat when. Got to my crib, where the hell my keys went?. Ringin' the bell, heard a yell but wasn't sure. Dropped my luggage to the ground, put my ear to the door. Slow music, H-Town, no that's down low. My baby's, drop Mercedes is parked, I creep around yo. To the back, she must be inside and can't hear. Probably upstairs, in the mirror, doin' her hair. I walked in through the back door entrance. Shocked it was unlocked, when I walked in, I smelled incense. Chased by a weed aroma, empty Guinnesses. And lipstick marks on like three empty Coronas. A pair of blue jeans on the carpet; size 12 Timberlands. Somethin' swingin' on the ceiling fan, I stopped it. Swingin' slower and slower. On the last swing I saw it was a G-string and heard laughter. Thought about my nine-side Glock but somethin' made me disregard it. Started my way up to where the noise and music was at. Froze, I couldn't react. Bedroom door opened a crack, seen wifey layin' with some nigga. Mumblin' shit, he had one hand on her ass. And she was rubbin' his dick, toastin' wine glasses. Cherry scented candles was lit, couldn't handle the shit. Searchin' for words I found none, without a sound. I left the house with a sick smile and took my gun. Now I'm out buggin', whylin', what I'm gon' do?. Call my man Horse, meet me outside, I'm comin' throughI thought you loved me. I thought you cared for me. I thought you needed me. Did you believe in me?. I thought you loved me. I thought you cared for me. I thought you needed me. Did you believe in me?Got up with Horse, showed a look on my face was mad lost. I ain't know whether to cry or just, try to laugh it off. Son you home early -- they wiped you out that quick?. I said, Nah, showed him the plastic with nine in the clip. Hopped in the whip, popped in the disc, pressed play. To the Grand Central, from the Van Wyck Expressway. I said, Bet you'll never guess in a million years. What I just saw happenin' -- and probably still is. Snuck in my crib - some nigga fuckin' my wiz. I saw dem, they ain't see me, I ducked and I slid. I'ma grab shorty, I need you to grab the nigga for me. Just when I thought I found love, she shitted on me. Shopped in Vegas, a present, for our engagement. 20 G's on a ring I would have hit her today with. My surprise couldn't match the one she had for me. We pulled up, he was walkin' out the house backwardly. Parked in the back of my house, they couldn't see us. Ran to the side of my house, cocked the heater. Walked to the front when I talked he had jumped. Bitch tried to slam the door shut, got caught in Horse foot. Shot the Spanish kid in the rib, drug him in. Grabbed her face, say goodbye to your undercover friend. One between the eye, she's died, by mistake. Must've held the gat too tight, pointed at her face. Heard somebody knock -- Horse helped me hide the bodies. Heard si-rens, I guess we goin' out like kamikaze. We surrounded, red lights flashin', who's inside?. Came out a bullhorn, I'm contemplatin' suicide. Horse asked me for the MAC, he gave me dap, one love. Cocked the strap, then he ran out the back. Mad shots couldn't tell what was goin' on. Sat on the floor near my dead girl, put her in my arms. Pulled her ring out my pocket I was savin'. Put it on her ring finger cocked the Glock, and started prayin'. To Muhammad and Allah, the most beneficial. Through you, all things are possible, I know you're listenin'. I never meant for this to happen, I never dreamed. This'd be my fate, such a grotesque, murder scene. On that note, same time, the cops busted in. Kissed my lady, her blood on my lips, I said Amen. Put the nine to my head, pulled the hammer, held her close. Squeeze the toast, said to her, Now unto God, we elope. .. we elopeStupid fucking niggersUhh, yeah, wow... No revolutionary gets old or so I'm told. You're left full of bullet holes when you tell the people go free. Oh, it's a matter of days before they try to take me. I heard gun shots rang; his bullet's got my name. I ain't see 'em take aim, I dreamt this day came. 'Cause I stood in the face of damnation. Satan spat at 'em, flat out disgraced 'em. He want my blood, why me?. Why not the fake ones who deserve death, man?. Fuck it, I'll take one, 'cause stop me. But can't stop a whole nation of millions who feel you deceived them. They believe in reparation makes it even. So I'm deadly now because of one reason, they listening. In Budapest, Japan, China, and Switzerland. We getting it in son. Another bullet pass by, missed me. Wondering who plotting to get me?. Alphabet boys still plotting against me. To hush me and stuff me in the pockets of history. You won't remember why they came to clip me. When time go by you'll soon forget me. They say he was the king of bling, jewels, and Bentleys. Then they use one of my lines just to prove I'm guilty. Don't let 'em kill me...Some revolutionaries do live long. Am I one of them? Guess we'll know in due time. Everybody has rights, can I use mine?. Can I rock shine? Can I have a girl that's too fine?. Got a swell life, tell me will I lose mine?. Every time I turn around somebody new dying. Let's start living, À la carte, Escargot. Escobar, invest my millions. Mansion for the wife, the rest for the children. Knowing that they coming anytime. But until then, i'm at large till they shoot me. Million dollar stones in my camouflaged Gucci. Giving you this crack like Pookie. To question the system, be the resistance. No matter what color you are, everybody niggers. Or you can stand by or watch or you can march on with usSome revolutionaries get old although I'm told. You'll get a left full of bullet holes when you tell the people go free. Oh, it's a matter of days before they try to take me. . Some revolutionaries get old although I'm told. You'll get a left full of bullet holes when you tell the people go free. Oh, it's just a matter of days before they try to take me...Now slowly, thinking of all the things that oppose me. I think of kings who died and rappers out to dethrone me. For they crown they head is cut off, bodies is laid. Dead in the street, it's so fucking pitiful. First they love you, could be the bitch that even live with you (ho). Mad at your riches, now she switched, turned miserable. Cause she wanna dress like Bonnie, Robin and Crystal do. But Crystal's single, Bonnie's broke and her niggas too (ha). I can do bad by myself; went from rags to wealth. From Jags to Bentleys to, plenty ass bitches. Can't keep they hands to theyself no more. I'm like, Hugh Hefner, you lesser, you just aYou can't be me, not in your wildest fantasy. It's childish; should I have to resort to violence?. Pay me a half a million, I'll consult your album. And show you how to stay off my dick. That's the thing I hate the most, can't even call you a man. When you gotta call out my name to get you some fans. No talent, you need direction; you a pussy with a yeast infection. You unlucky, I'm your fucking C-section. Plus I'm the last real nigga alive. Toast glass, Ill Will, the label get high. Realize, how many classics I gave you. Perhaps if you think back you'll realize that I made youYou can't be me, I'm trying to walk a straight line. Why they trying to take mine? I'm past 8 Miles of every state line. Eating, alligators and, hummingbird hearts. At the Player's Ball, Brioni suits, y'all birds watch. As real millionaire, shit'll take place. Evil as Hitler's hate-race people. This is God son, and I've come from the God under pure peace. To represent the streets, you'll see that my plan. Is not to destroy your man. But to bring more to mankind and teach. Every MC reach for your pens and papers. Lesson one be creative; what you made of junior?. Cause soon you'll be a grown man with the mic in your hand. And understand, to battle Nas not in your plan. I'm the last real nigga alive, understand that. And you my offspring, the boss sting. A bulletproof Porsche things, hard for you to understand that. Nas the king, where my bricks, where my band at?. Play me a gangster's theme, while you entertain me. If I ain't crying laughing, to the lions, throw your ass in. What the fuck was you niggas thinking?. Guns'll clutch if I get a inkling that you coming for the kingpin. But I laugh at you cowards, ha ha ha. Take me out, try try try, but youYeah. YeahLiterally rich since nine-six. Still woulda hit a enemy with a TEC in nine-six. Exotic material on the neck and fly whips. I was fresh out the 'jects, decked out to death. Y'all witnessed it, I could fill you with real millionaire shit. Escargot, my car fresh from the dealership. Esco alias, my escrow grow daily. It's the freshest Air Max wearer, yes. Ejaculatory depression after sex. And that mean after I nut, don't touch me, no questions. Unless she's a restless spirit then I can heal it. Spend a lot of time together, I know her feelings. But you fightin' what the essence of a woman is. I respect you, my love's limitless. But what are you becoming?. You wanna be the man or the woman? Play your position. Mornin' or night I'm lickin' the pudding ain't I?. Since my days of St. Ides. Pullin' out box cutters to bang opps who ain't us. To Bentley Continentals, see the man I is. Hand-to-hand hustlers always claiming they ran The Brizz. The big homies don't approve that. Felt and Dirty Red fundin' RK but where was you at?. We all tried to move crack. Nowadays I'm just showing my age. The new goons hardly heard of these legendary names, it's strange. The Bridge rappers influenced me, son. But if I was in the Juice Crew, we woulda won. No disrespect 'less disrespect served to me. You a gangsta groupie, gassin' niggas to murder me, nigga?. Who I'm reppin'? 10th Street, 12th Street, Vernon Family. And that's word to Yammy, yeah. Deep roots, I ain't have to fake it yet. Old solid tree branches ain't breakin' yet. A vetGet rich project niggas. Billionaire mindset niggas. Know you know my set, niggas. 10th Street, 12th Street, Vernon Family. Get rich project niggas. Billionaire mindset niggas. Know you know my set, niggas. 10th Street, 12th Street, Vernon FamilyI got the je ne sais quoi, why bother. With girls who like to play keep-away with they toddlers?. She started with good intentions like a rich pastor. Bitch was bad, turned from good thing to disaster. Takes forever to build a rep, one second to lose it. She put her neck in a noose, snapped it. Hangin' on every word she heard come outta cougar mouth, super foul. Play your cards right, deuces wild, salute my pals. Fathers all around the board goin' through it. She got lobster appetites, lots of habits. Like frontin' when she need apartment deposits. Here's something, get you a starter. But pardon my pimpin', I don't sponsor. I don't buy cars, I coach you to win, know what?. If you broke and your man don't teach you, get rid of him. Who I'm reppin'? 10th Street, 12th Street, Vernon, still. And that's word to Will, for realGet rich project niggas. Billionaire mindset niggas. Know you know my set, niggas. 10th Street, 12th Street, Vernon Family. Get rich project niggas. Billionaire mindset niggas. Know you know my set, niggas. 10th Street, 12th Street, Vernon FamilyShout to Draws, Spanky, Black Ed, Hands. Shout to Shabazz, Wewop and Harvey. Rest in glory. TJ Killa Black, rest in glory. Shout to all the young legends we losin' too soon. YeahYeah, what! You!. Uh-huh! C'mon!. Yeah (ugh), yeah, what?. Ugh! Nasty Nas, Virgo. Uh-huh. L-L-Ludacris, Virgo. Uh, uh-uh. Doug Fresh (uh-huh-huh!). As we go, somethin like this. Nasir (C'mon! Ugh!)Baby girl, won't you come and hold my hand?. Won't you come and chill out with the Virgo?. Hey girl, just come and hold my hand. Won't you come and just chill with the Virgo?. We sippin' on Merlot, you ain't got be my girl, though (huh). I drop you off at Willoughby and Myrtle. Smash with the Virgo, ain't got to take your shirt off. You seen me convince your homegirl, thoughUgh, she says her life is too hard. She says that she wanna come and build with the God. Promise me that she gon' play her part (ugh). Cause what I spit gets straight to her heart. And, she's damn fine, feet Hammer Time, damn, if I mind. Long as the butt bubblin' back in your waistline. I don't waste time (ugh), I gotta get-get on it. Just you and me, two glasses, silver Patronin' (ugh). In the club scene where I met Ms. Green Eyes (uh-huh). She walked by askin' me, Are you Nas?. (Why?) If you was I'd be totally twi. (What's that?) Totally with it, T-W-I. Haha, well, here I am, yep, I'm the man. Bartender, put a Cosmo in that girl hand (ugh). So, here we standin' before I begin. Homegirl made a knot out of the cherry stem (woo!). Tongue skills, yeah I like that (yeah). Now we on the right track (uh-huh). Straight to my Phantom, call Africa Black (brrrp!). Ever since then she been yappin' a track. Told her friends, now they hollerin' behind her back, sing!. C'mon! Ugh!Baby girl, won't you come and hold my hand?. Won't you come and just chill with the Virgo? (That's right). Hey girl, just come and hold my hand (uh-huh). Won't you come and chill out with the Virgo? (Tell 'em, tell 'em). We sippin' on Merlot, you ain't got be my girl though. I drop you off at Peachtree and Myrtle (Ugh!). Smash with the Virgo, ain't got to take your shirt off. You seen me convince your homegirl though (ooh! ooh!)Now I was, so fresh and so fly in diamonds. When I stepped up in the club even my eyes was shinin'. Little cute thing, said, What's yo' name?. I put my necklace in her face and told her read the chain (woo!). Ooh-ooh, so stuck up, told me shut the fuck up. BLAOW! Ludacris in the how-oooh-ouse!. The needle hit the record, they was playin' this song. All the ladies hit the floor and it was uh-uh-on (ugh!). Live forever like 'Fame,' let the Leroys dance. While I'm laid back, chillin' in my b-boy stance (c'mon!). Could be a little pop lockin' if your girl's top droppin' (yeah). But watch for cockblockin' on my coochie stock options (woo!). But later for the ASSDAQ, throw 'em on the fast track. Make 'em swip-swap; Nasty N-A-S, pass that. Honey in the black cause I'm feelin' her curves. He looked down at what I had and said, W-w-word (ugh!). Why only serve one when we can serve up two?. Then at the bachelor pad, doin' what the Virgos do. And these women so shy but get loud undercover. So we can have sex but I can't be your loverrrrrr. Buck! buck! buck! buck! buck! buck!. Ah, ah-ha-ha, ah-ha-ha, ah-ha ah ah-ah, SING! (UGH!)Baby girl, won't you come and hold my hand?. Won't you come and just chill with the Virgo? (c'mon!). Baby girl, won't you come and hold my hand?. Won't you come and chill out with the Virgo? (ugh!). We sippin on Merlot, you ain't got be my girl though (that's right!). I drop you off at Two-Fifth and Lex-o (rmmmm!). Smash with the Virgo, you ain't got take your shirt off. Seen you convince your homegirl though. Ayo, ugh!They got my voice for the record and my voice for the beat. Virgo crew, baby run the streets. So let's go (let's go), let's go (for the beat). Let's go (Virgo crew), it's the Virgo. Let's go (Nasty Nas), let's go (Ludacris). And if you don't know, now you know (Doug Fresh!)There's a war in the streets tonight. And nobody's really feeling alright. I got a blunt for my chronic, a juice for my tonic. I know now that I'm feeling right if it goes down. 'Cause my third eye sees the lowdown. And I know it's not my time to go now. 'Cause God's got my back in this showdown. So I know we'll be alrightYeah, Brooks Brothers overcoat, know the ropes, smooth as Hall & Oates. Briefcase, silk ties, slick as them older folks. Silver fo'-fo', cocked? No. My chauffeur driver just left some of my colleagues smoking that Cali. Caught a glimpse of myself in the Barney's shop window. Kinda' see my father's features creeping in a little. Got an office on Broadway, business in Jamaica. Tell my daughter try the hardest so the best schools'll take her. And I'm late to a date with my wife, I realize. I stopped to shop, had to get her some type surprise. And I'm walking through it, chaos is all around me. But God got me, no fear, through the fire, try and stop meThere's a war in the streets tonight. And all this drama's got me feeling uptight. I don't know what I'll do if I don't see my boo. Cause she's standing on the corner of Linden Boulevard. Holding our baby in her baby in her arms. So hold on, your daddy's in sightYeah, nine-four, Destiny opens her eyes. For the first time, praise God, baby mom's crying. Planned to be a strong black family. But we both were too young, too strung, too much flashing. Newcomer called Verbal Assassin running with. Nothing but the worst type, worst fight. When we brought my baby home the first night. Cursed like sailors, burst out the crib raging. In my new car bought from entertainment. Champagne and gaining clout fast, whiplash. Did this bitch just pass in the club hugged up, stupid ass. Grabbed her by the pony tail, never disrespect me. I'm a street vet, regret the sex, but not Desi. Moved back to your grandma, I'm single, the Land's mine. She keeps the Benz, I'm all in the streets again. Squeezing the pen, released again, chart toppers. Hard-bottoms blessed the feet, now less baby mom's problems. New woman, she's great, this a different world. Checking out my wife's chemistry with my little girl. It's so amazing, playing, life is so crazy. I've grown up the thankful for lessons God gave meThere's a war in the streets tonight. And nobody's really feeling alright. I got a blunt for my chronic, a juice for my tonic. I know now that I'm feeling right if it goes down. 'Cause my third eye sees the lowdown. And I know it's not my time to go now. 'Cause God's got my back in this showdown. So I know we'll be alrightFrom the day you was born.... Your daughter Destiny, was one of your destinations...Wassup, African?. Wassup, African?Yo the Haiti, Barbados, Bahamas, Grenada. The war is against love, we under attack. Paris, Pyar, St. Thomas, DR. The war is against love, who's busting back?. From New York to Botswana, London to Guyana. To every single African that's on the map. Yo, to Mexico, to Cuba, Iceland to Bermuda. The war is against love, we under attackScientists told us how the Mayans lived. Highways are landing strips for planes to land. Before the Wright brothers planned aerodynamics. Now I am chilling 20 karats like a savage. Not embarrassed. Buy what I'm copping while I'm shopping out in Paris. Parasites try to steal the culture (True). While chem trails and satellites hover over. Feds is watching, real niggas ask this is so (Ask this is so). Still the 5th is loaded (5th is loaded). For these lawyers who be ripping soldiers off in court. They don't get em all, they just take your money and lie. Have you sitting up north (Foul). Study the law (Word). Get your appeal (True). Soon you back on the street the shit'd get real (Facts). They try to kill us off since the days of the brilliant Moors. May they ships pull up to the Sicilian shores. So I hustle more, ain't no justice for the poor. Got me feeling like middle fingers up, fuck the law. Bust a Dutchie open, liquor pourChicago yo, you know Chicago y'all know. The war is against love, we under attack (Yeah). New Orleans, New Orleans to Queens. Yo the war is against love, who's busting back? (Me). To Detroit (Yeah), St. Louis (Yeah, yeah). To every hood in all the 50 states on the map (Map). Chocolate city, North and South Philly (Philly). Feel me, the war is against love, we under attackI went from, semi-bummy nigga to money nigga (Ha). Bike nigga to car nigga. Christ nigga to Allah nigga (Alḥamdulillāh). Then I evolved, nigga (Yeah). No religions, my commandments are my standards (Word). A stand up man, no clowning, no snitching. Got a bid, I'm sitting down. Do the time, call it paying taxes. Living with my actions (Word), corners to the grave. Yeah, I'm on that wave. Yeah, I fornicate with fly bitches, horny ways. Just the way I was taught, though (Uh). Can't tell if this is reality or just another award show?. These women be lost, so beautiful, so smart (Word). But why can't we be heavenly? Don't think, use your heart (Yo' heart). 'Cause we could be so great, pray it's not too late. Put pride aside, coincide, I bet we both be straight. Straight to the top, side to side, twin Rolls Royces. We made choices to be devoted (Uh). To go at those foes who come at us with upside down crossesThe war is against love, I ain't trusting that (Trusting that, uh, uh). The war is against love, who's busting back? (Me, me, me, uh). To all the 50 states, all across the map (The whole world, too). USA and beyond (And beyond). The war is against love, how will you react to that?Yeah, tell you how I'm reacting. I'm strapped and ready, go all the way. The war is against peace. The war is against love. Yeah, know thatStaring at the face of my watch, its like a crystal ball. With the ability to make the issue stall. I told my man duck, ‘cause I know where the missile fall. ‘Cause the ice is a fortune teller for the rich or small. Went to my man's crib who dead and saw his picture fall. I picked it up, his voice whispered, Nigga, ball!. So I smoke the finest, (85 for the ocean liners?). I do it for the have-not's, I'm at spot. That resembles screen savers on your lap tops. And niggas can't believe it like seeing that nigga Zab drop. I be in Cameroon, bandanas on silk Dior. Sip cream liqueur, green and blue FILA velour's suits. Boss smooth, the only thing I endorse duke. Stash houses, gamble, I don't sweat a lawsuit. All true in living God, we was here first. Parisian linen garb and cashmere shirtsWhose crew was realist? Shot up the movie theaters?. Times Square '88, whose crew was in it?. (Photographed was?) sittin' on wood wicker chairs. 40oz in the lap, givin' off wicked stares. Punch out kings, bustin' pistols in the air. Hangin' out a Cutlass Supreme window like Bitch, come here. Girls cussing back at us with the fattest asses. Like, Who you calling bitch?! Little black bastards!. We had to wave the flag, here come they baby dad. Drug dealers in the crazy Jag looking crazy mad. They all thought they was sparkle, fucking killer men. But we was all Black seeds as Fred Williamson. It was so simple, now I'm reflecting in this gold Enzo. Face it, my favorite trinket was that Teddy Riley guy bracelet. So now it's fly shit I'm draped in, customized shit I'm makin'Uh, if I can teach somethin' so be it. And hope somebody learn somethin' from it. And give it backThey can't break me or shake me. They too fake to come kill me. Think they faith is with Satan. They mistake me I'm filthy. Rich off the ghetto medleys, so now they wanna dare me. It's gonna be a murder confront me, the burners are empty. Middle Passage I made it. I'm from the land of David. The Nazarene of Bethlehem they had me wrapped in blankets. Y'all bunch of backward gangsters. Y'all signin affidavits. Snitches with smiling faces, got you blowin trial, I hate this. Hopin' my child can see through this tryna be a good daddy. I was there when she was born and she'll be there when I'm buried. Kind of weird and it's scary. All my years have prepared me. What I fear is my temper, I see clear to the center. Right through a man's soul. Straight through his eyes, straight to his heart. I'm still alive, how did I make it this far?. 'Cause I been high I been low, searchin' for a way to go. Every single night I pray. And Lord I'm on this battleground, lost just waitin' to be found. I guess it's just a warrior's way, uhhThis is a song, for my warriors (a warrior song). Bravehearted and strong, definition of a warrior (definition of a warrior). Gonna keep marchin' on, to the sound of my own beatin' drumLike King Nasir fightin' the British regime. I can't cope my existence is hope for younger teens who lost and they broke. Earlier this year I buried my queen in a gold casket. Your mother's the closest thing to God that you ever have kid. I'm askin', what would you do at your own mom's funeral. Wanna pick her up out of it, this can't be real. Tellin' my daughter grandma's gone, but I can't keep still. I can't go on, responsible for so many. Her last days at the hospital. Visits from family I'm tryin' not to bust shots at niggas. Wishin' death on other nigga's mothers ain't right but why mommy. She raised me in the projects alone. Her untimely exit from her, heavenly body. Got me ready to body somethin' quickly. Can't be happy, fuck a party she can't party with me. So your apologies are burnin' ya own souls. To the kids with no parents at home, grab a holdThis is a song, for my warriors (a warrior song). Bravehearted and strong, definition of a warrior. Gonna keep marchin' on, to the sound of my own beatin' drumFight 'til the fight is over, for my peoples I die see. When you thought they were soldiers they turned out to be nobodies. I think they out to get me, helpless was livin' sinful. If you was me all this pain I'm feelin' would bend and killed you (I'm a warrior). It only made me stronger. But in my head it gets darker who wishin' evil on ya. Sometimes I wish I was dead. But I took heed to the cause (I'm a warrior, yeah). 'Cause I been high I been low, searchin' for a way to go. Every single night I pray. And Lord I'm on this battleground, lost just waitin' to be found. I guess it's just a warrior's way, uhhThis is a song, for my warriors (a warrior) to my warriors. Bravehearted and strong, definition of a warrior (definition of a warrior). Gonna keep marchin' on, to the sound of my own beatin' drum. This is a song, for my warriors (a warrior song). Warriors, baby, KrucialKeys! Braveheart y'all. Bravehearted and strong, definition of a warrior (definition of a warrior). Gonna keep marchin' on, to the sound of my own beatin' drumThis to all my warriors, who breathe with the heart of a lion. To everybody that lost their mother, their father. Rest in peace moms!. My mother's last words: Never give up. A true warrior, who raised me in the hood, in a war. Love ya girl, y'know keep marchin'. Yeah yeah yeah, you never give up. To all my warriors, haha. Braveheart, Braveheart. Definition of a warrior, haThey never realized how real Nas is so decisive. It's just the likeness of Israelites mist that made me write this. A slight twist of lime rhyme, be chasing down your primetime. Food for thought or rather mind wine. The Don Juan features the freak shit. My thesis on how we creep quick. Fucking your wife, that ain't no secret. It's mandatory, see that pussy, they hand it to me. I got no game, it's just some bitches understand my story. There ain't no drama that my niggas never handle for me. My gator brand is Mauri, walking through rough land before me. Where the snakes put a smile on they face. Hoping and praying I'm stuck. Scoping, they lay in the cut, weighing my luck. Player haters play this in cell blocks and rocked stages. Winking at some females cops with cocked gauges. Really, it's papers I'm addicted to. Wasn't for rap, then I'll be sticking you. The Mag inside the Triple Goose. Face down on the floor's the routine. Don't want hear nobody blow steam. Just cream or it's a smoke screen. Imagine that, that's why I hardly kick the bragging raps. I zone, to each his own and this ghetto inhabitantWatch dem niggas that be close to you. And make sure they do what they supposed to do. 'Cause you know they be thinking 'bout smoking you. Never personal, nowadays, it's the ways. Watch dem niggas that be close to you. And make sure they do what they supposed to do. 'Cause you know they be thinking 'bout smoking you. Never personal, nowadays, it's the waysNow, how can I perfect this? (Uhh, what?). Living reckless, die for my necklace. Crime infected, driving a Lexus with a death wish. Jetting, checking my message on the speaker. Bopping to Mona Lisa, brown reefer, ten G's, gun and my Visa. CD cranking, doing 90 on the Franklin D. Roosevelt. No seatbelt, drinking and thinking. My man caught a bad one, son, niggas is frightened. Secret indictments, as on to one seeking enlightenment. My Movado says seven, the God hour, that's if you follow. Traditions started by the school, not far from the Apollo. My 'fuck tomorrow' motto through the eyes of Pablo. Escobar, the desperado, word to Cus D'AmatoGotta watch dem niggas that's close to you. And make sure they do what they supposed to do. 'Cause you know they be thinking about smoking you. Never personal, nowadays, it's the ways. Watch dem niggas that's close to you. And make sure they do what they supposed to do. 'Cause you know they be thinking about smoking you. Never personal, nowadays, it's the waysSome niggas watch you (uhh). See you when you think you on the low, ain't hard to spot you. You swore to keep it real after you blow. Three keys, new V's, went to Anguilla with your ho. Stayed around the hood, smoothest cat getting the dough. Them old timers advise you to them problems that's ahead. Drama with the Feds, not listening, just bobbing your head. Your Rollie shining, thinking to yourself 'nobody's taking mine'. At the same time, your ho is getting snatched from behind. Put in a van, Where's the hundred grand?, strippin' her hand. From all the ice, wouldn't you know. You knew these niggas all your life. What made them mark you victim?. You fucked up somewhere down the line. Now they had to target your Wisdom. She took 'em to your place, straight to your safe. You doubted it could happen, sick of yapping. Jump in your ride, headed to your side. Puffin' ganja, get to your crib, can't find her, just a reminder:. Shouldn't have your stash house where you crash out. Could have passed out, your coke was gone, now you ass out. Dead bitches tell no lies, you should use your eyesGotta watch dem niggas that's close to you (uhh). And make sure they do what they supposed to do (what, hah). 'Cause you know they be thinking 'bout smoking you (uh). Never personal, nowadays, it's the ways. Watch dem niggas that's close to you (uhh). And make sure they do what they supposed to do. 'Cause you know they be thinking 'bout smoking you (uh-huh). Never personal, nowadays, it's the ways (uhh)Where there's life there is water. We depend on Mama Nature. There's a message for tomorrow. Everything connects to you. Some say soon it will be over. You can see it in the weather. Out of tune with Mama Nature. What you do comes back to youWe're not alone. We're not alone. We're not alone. We're not aloneUhh, uhh. Confucius, Confucius, Sigmund Freud. And Farad Muhammad, is it evolution or God?. Searching for the truth is a threat. Seems the closer we get to the truth State Troopers or Feds. Come out to silence you, my house in Malibu probably tapped. Cause living next door to Demi Moore, plus I'm black. Plus I want vengeance for the poor who's attacked daily. Patriot Act never scared me. Jake in the Taurus, sticky in the jar-as. Niggas I'm with got warrants. America's browning, 20 years from now every town'll be brown and Latin. An African looking Manhattan. I'ma tell you what I seen with my three eyes. Word to me, not a hoax back in '99. A spacecraft in the skyline. In L.A. in daytime, ask Horse if I'm lyingEvery mother every father. Raise your sons and your daughters. With respect and with honor. From the seed comes a fruit. It's an unbroken circle. All of life is universal. And we're all in the struggle. If I know one thing is trueWe're not alone. We're not alone. We're not alone. We're not aloneEvidence remains in debate. Documents of our own Air Force base. Additional terrestrial information. Other planets with life population, my observation. Scientists study pictures of a flying disk. Right on earth anthropologists are finding shit. Visitors probably live with us, they can mimic us. It's sort of what we're seeing in the cinemasTake a look in the mirror. And see the bigger picture. It's good to be alive. (It's good to be alive). Nobody is an island. We are part of an environment. Only way we're gon' survive. Is if we harmonizeWe're not alone. We're not alone. We're not alone. We're not aloneReginald Lewis, the black billionaire. Before Oprah, Bob Johnson, how'd he disappear?. Conspiracy theories, UFOs in the air. I've seen it with my own two eyes, and I swear. Like Warren Buffet, real money I'm just trying to touch it. The diamond encrusted shit, live illustrious. Cause we was deprived of it, suffered. Now we pop to prove anything's possible. My pimp strut was invented when they whipped us. Now we diddy bop just to show you that our strength's up. Just when niggas 'bout to see they cut. Global warming about to burn us up. Niggas never really seen paper in this world. American blacks, the teenager of this world. Give us 20 more years to grow up, already geniuses. What I mean is this. I used to worship a certain Queens police murderer. 'Til I read the words of Ivan Van Sertima. He inserted something in me that made me feel worthier. Now I spit revolution, I'm his hood interpreterTake a look in the mirror. And see the bigger picture. It's good to be alive. (It's good to be alive). Nobody is an island. We are part of an environment. Only way we're gon' survive. Is if we harmonizeWe're not alone. We're not alone. We're not alone. We're not aloneAyo I'm American born, love America. Love my people, love all mankind, all nationalities, you know. I think it's just recently where everybody just started to feel. Like there was an elite group that runs everything. And everybody else was sheep, ignorant. Making all ethnicities, colors and creeds. Niggers, blind to what really is going on. So I say take off the wool from your eyes. Out with the old America in with the new. End all racism, all injustice, all oppression to poor people. Any people anywhere in this planet. Let's come together: a new day is risingStill somehow I believe, we always survive.. but why?Whattup Big? You know shit is rough after you slid. You in God's hands now, keep a place for me kid. Ain't nuttin' changed, still Party and Bullshit. We used to fuck R&B Bitches and see who rhyme sickest. For every hit you made, more rappers afraid to come out. Machine Gun Funk, from Queens I came through to smoke blunts. You came to my hood, we was broke. I wonder if we stayed that way, would there have been gunsmoke?. Still on the block around fiends numb from coke, I guess so. 'Cause now with paper, shit is still ghetto. But fuck it black, you livin' your life, through your loved ones. Peace to your daughter and your newborn son. It used to be fun, makin' records to see your response. But, now competition is none, now that you're gone. And these niggas is wrong, using your name in vain. And they claim to be New York's king? It ain't about that. It's more serious, I plan to toast it up with you. Joke with you, happy we on top, the most official. Ain't too many real ones out there, I feel some but doubt they're. Capable to take it where you took it to. I missed your wake not 'cause I'm fake. 'Cause I hate to see somebody so great in that way. I woulda stayed so long with so much to say. I had to put it in writin' to keep me and Brooklyn from fightin'. Tellin' me to pay my respects and move to the side. But I probably wouldn't have got off my knees to let people by. You can't kill nothin' that's Ready to Die. You was like God to us in the form of AllahStill, we, will survive. No matter what, my people just stay alive. Still, we, will survive. No matter what, my people just stay alive(Thug Life never die..). Dear 'Pac, every thug sheds a tear drop. And use teeth to bite off beer tops and Pour Out a Lil' Liquor. You was more than just the wildest nigga. 2Pacalypse, I understand your style, nigga. It's goin on the third year, since you've been gone. On the East and West Coast the same shit is goin on. The industry be talkin', offendin' me often. They don't believe you dead, wanna see you in your coffin. I can relate, shootouts and court dates. All Eyez on You, niggas in your face invadin' your space. You asked if I could trade in your place, how would I hold up?. How long would I ride before I fold up?. How did you know through your rhymes it was your time to go?. You predicted it in every line, all in your flow. There could Never Be Peace I have to quote. Can't believe I heard my name on the realest shit you ever wrote. We had words 'cause the best supposed to clash at the top. But kept it brotherly, when we seen each other and stopped. In NYC, at MTV, people watched. We was both deep, after you left, I got no sleep. Think about how us real niggas would be. If we united, a nation of thugs, who could fight it?. You was caught in a wild homicide, or were you crucified. Like the son of God, when Lucifer lied. And make the world think, young blacks should be extinct?. But Thug Life'll never die, we stay high and just link. Will there ever be another MC as nice?. Will you return to us like the resurrection of Christ?Still, we, will survive. No matter what, my people just stay alive. Still, we, will survive. No matter what, my people just stay aliveI wonder what the Commodores went through on tour?. Did Smokey Robinson, have to shoot his way out a war?. What has Al Green seen, that made him religious?. Was it the drugs, put an end to the music business?. If so, should I put out the indo right now and write down. A plan and pursue my dream, turn my life around. 'Cause I'm bound for the movie screen, cuties that scream. I'll need a extra Uzi ridin' through my own hood in Queens. It be the ones you always knew, that want it on. Tellin' everybody it was him, that you fronted on. Thought we walked a million miles it was just twenty. Not used to walkin' in the path of legit money. I thought I made it but we only took baby steps. Up the success ladder, where they pay me checks. To my clicks when I got it I said Baby bless. That was the 80's, but now look at this crazy mess. We in the 90's and finally it's lookin' good. Hip-Hop took it to billions, I knew we would. A lot of ups and downs in the game. Could lose or gain a couple pounds tryin' to maintain. One day you here, the next you not; when you around niggas, check 'em out. Some is 'bout it, most individuals plots. And run the spots, some choose to stay to theyselves. While others have no cares and stay in jail. More than 50% of us endin' up with holes through the chest. Through the head, through the gut it shows. The future for us young shooters and old killers. Who become rich as dope dealers?. Nothin' left for us but hoop dreams and hood tournaments. Thug coaches with subs sittin' on the bench; either that or rap. We want the fast way out of this trap. Whether it be 9 to 5 or slangin' crack. To my deceased Gods wishin' I could bring you back. But life is a dream and y'all taught me thatAlways survive, always. Still, we, will survive. No matter what, my people just stay alive. Still, we, will survive. No matter what, my people just stay alive. Still, we, will survive (no matter what). Still, we, will survive (no matter what). Still, we, will survive. No matter what, my niggas just stay aliveYeah..Ayo, it's poison: ecstasy, coke, you say it's love, it is poison. Schools where I learned, they should be burned, it is poison. Physicians prescriptin' us medicine which is poison. Doctors injectin' our infants with the poison. Religion misoverstood is poison. Niggas up in my hood be gettin' shot, given poisonIn hospitals, shots riddle the block, little. Children and elderly women run for they lives. Drizzlin' rain come out the sky every time somebody dies. Must be out my fuckin' mind, what is this, the hundredth time?. Sendin' flowers to funerals, readin' Rest In Peace. You know, the usual, death comes in threes. Life is short is what some nigga said. Not if you measure life by how one lives and what he did. And funny how these black-killer companies is makin' money off us. Fast food, Cola, soda, Skull and Bone crosses – it's all poisonEcstasy, coke, you say it's love, it is poison. Schools where I learned, they should be burned, it is poison. Physicians prescriptin' us medicine which is poison. Doctors injectin' our infants with the poison. Religion misoverstood is poison. Sisters up in my hood try to do good, given choicesWhen pregnant, drop out of school or have abortions. Stop workin', hopin' that they find a man that will support them. Up late night, on they mother's cordless. Thinkin' a perm or bleachin' cream will make them better, when they're gorgeous. White girls tannin', liposuction. Fake titties are implanted, fake lips, that's life destruction. Light-skinned women, bi-racial. Hateful toward themselves, denyin' even their blood. I don't judge Tiger Woods. But I overstand the mental poison that's even worser than drugsYo, it's poison: ecstasy, coke, you say it's love, it is poison. Schools where I learned, they should be burned, it is poison. Physicians prescriptin' us medicine which is poison. Doctors injectin' our infants with the poison. Religion misoverstood is poison. Radio and TV poison, white Jesus poison. And any thoughts of takin' me down is poison. Who want beef now? My heat shall anoint 'em, PLAOW!The China-men built the railroad, the Indians saved the Pilgrim. And in return the Pilgrim killed 'em. They call it Thanksgiving, I call your holiday hell-day. ‘Cause I'm from poverty, neglected by the wealthy. Me and my niggas share gifts every day like Christmas. Slay bitches, and party everyday like this is the last. I'm with my heckles, connectin' and we hittin' the lab. This is my level, fuck if it get you madIt's all poison: all of my words to enemies, it is poison. Rappers only talk about keys, it's all poison. How could you call yourself MCs? You ain't poison. Think about the kids you mislead with the poison. And any thoughts of takin' me down is all poison. Who want beef now? My heat shall anoint 'em, PLAOW!What goes around comes around, my nigga. And what goes up, it must come down, my nigga. The soldiers found below the ground, my nigga. Just hold it down, we older now, my nigga. What goes around comes around, my nigga. And what goes up, it must come down, my nigga. The soldiers found below the ground, my nigga. Just hold it down, we older now, my niggaThis nigga Ike with the Iverson jersey, light-skinned with herpes. Fuckin' sisters in Harlem, Brooklyn and D.C. This is the problem, ‘cause he never tell 'em he got it. From lettin' fags suck him off, Rikers Island in '93. Drives a Benz, hangs at all the parties. All the concerts, backstage where the stars be. Rockin' they shirts in bitches faces like clockwork. What's your name? Where you from?. Chain blingin', thinkin' girls everywhere is dumb. Takin' pride in ruinin' their lives. So they could never have babies and they could never be wives. He never used a condom; give him head? He got ya. Met the wrong bitch and now he dead from the monster AIDS. I contemplate, believin' in karma. Those on top could just break and won't be eatin' tomorrow. I know some bitches who be sleepin' on a nigga's dreams. They leave; when that nigga blow, she the first bitch on her knees. Knowin' dudes that's neglectin' their seeds. Instead of takin' care of 'em they're spendin' money on trees. I pray for you, deadbeat daddies. 'Cause when them kids get grown. It's too late for you: now you old and you gettin' shitted on. It's all scientific, mystic, you know, the Earth and the stars. Don't hesitate to say you heard it from Nas. What is destined shall be. George Bush-killer 'til George Bush kills me. Much blessings, be healthy, remember:What goes around comes around, my nigga. And what goes up, it must come down, my nigga. The soldiers found below the ground, my nigga. Just hold it down, we older now, my nigga. What goes around comes around, my nigga. And what goes up, it must come down, my nigga. The soldiers found below the ground, my nigga. Just hold it down, we older now, my niggaRedhead Kingpin, Tim Dog, have you seen 'em?. Kwame, King Tee or King Sun. Super Lover Cee, Casanova Rud. Antoinette, Rob Base never showin up. You see Black Sheep, Group Home, Busy Bee?. Ask Ill and Al Skratch, Where My Homiez?:. Leave it to y'all, these niggas left for dead. Last week my man swore he saw Special Ed. Rap is like a ghost town, real mystic. Like these folks never existed. They the reason that rap became addictive. Play they CD or wax and get lifted. I recommend when your kid turn ten. Let him hear Spice 1, made plenty noise. Positive K, Father MC, the Skinny Boys. . Where are they now?See I remember them forever. The original Spinderella. Lakim Shabazz, 9 MM. Fu-Schnickens, Buckshot, Finesse & Synquis. Who was a Rappin' Duke? Da-ha!. Silk Tymes Leather was cute. Body & Soul was Dee from Pump It Up's group. Oaktown 357, J.J. Fad too. Had pop hits and gold ropes. Where my man Young MC and Tone Loc?. Kris Kross, the BO$$, Divine Styler. Def Jef of course let's break it down ta. Mic Geronimo, Pharcyde and Coolio. I heard Craig Mack back in the studio. Have you seen these lost MCs?. Funky Four Plus One, Force M.D.'s. Miss Melody, I hope she packin' a bankroll. As well as Educated Rapper, Ice and Kangol. Shanté, she from around my way yo. EPMD, K-Solo, where are they now?QB. First off this ain't no diss record. This for some of my homies that were misrepresented. Legends of the game, y'know?. What up to Moe Dee the legend? Rest in peace Cowboy!. Yeah, all the rappers...male, female, DJ's, e'rybody!. Rest in peace Jam-Master Jay, the whole crew, word up. Juice Crew All-Stars, MC Shan, Tragedy, Craig G. Yeah nigga, yeah nigga. Shan whaddup baby?. Where are they now?At times I window watch at the Wynn hotel. Lots of thinking happens in life, will I win or fail?. Mind of a shooter, CFO also. Ethiopian food flown in, it's unlawful. Money is attractive, honey dress strapless. Agent Provocateur underwear: she's classic. Stroll up in the party: titanium black card. Romanian ladies like Casablanca, Casbah. 'Cept we in the VIP area, that's ours. You know the real rap gods, typical trap star turned rap star. These old heads got stories, the days they was kings. I pray secret indictments don't take away their dreams. You 16, you could do 20, come home young. Catch 20 years when you 40? Holmes, you're done. What have we become? Rap stars from trap stars. Black gods to Ansars to Sunnis back to goonies. A 360 in the streets real grizzly. Shooters is cold, kid, the old shit was learning. Student enrollment to focus, yet hooligans roll with. Toasters to pop your medullas off of your shoulders. This ain't The Truman Show; it's the human show. Ask the F.B.I. agent at his cubicle. Chewing on his pencil eraser with intents to erase you. It's U.S.A. against the gangsta, where's the love?Love, I'll trade you love. I've traded fire with you long enough. Is that all you brung, without love?. That's fucked up, but I saved your soul. Roll that upSometimes I sit on the bench just to watch the game. Feet on cement, there ain't a mobster living I could name. Who made it out rich, in his absence I do not proclaim. To not have a heart like wild animals not tamed. Maybe just a typical thug nigga was my rank. 'Cept I had a vision above niggas, what I think. It's crazy how many brothers come where I come from. Some made it out big, some dead, some unsung. Shots for soldiers on 23 hours lock-up. Younger generation, they want to mimic and mock us. Laughing, separating themselves like they not us, like. Cops'll look at you like they look at me? That's preposterous. Ain't it gangsta how your man made it? I'm humble. One gun, one crazy ass nigga, that's Jungle. Now we having babies, 'cause growing up it was just us. No uncles or cousins to fight with us, we was fucked up. But still it was beautiful, the love is mutual. Even though me and Jung ain't show up to your funeral. I hold your son hand, tell him he the man, we love you. Your pops was king, you have a whole lot to live up to. The G is in your genes, already you tuck. Inherit your dad's swag, his George Jefferson's strut. Stay flyest, they gon' want to know what in your diet. Don't be surprised if they want to check your shit and your vomit. Tell them you let it marinate, they swear you made them a promise. No matter what they do, you just stay a man of honor. I'm a street corner nigga, New York Knicks loyalist. Corona sipper, pass it, I'ma blow it with you. It ain't The Truman show; it's the human show. Ask the F.B.I. agent at his cubicle. Chews on his pencil eraser with intents to erase you. Young brother go and get your paper, I got loveLove, I'll trade you love. I've traded fire with you long enough. Is that all you brung, without love?. That's fucked up, but I saved your soul. Roll that up. ... Roll that upY'all niggas better not be coming around me with that fugazi no more, you know? Got that thang for your ass, you know?. (I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna. I'm gonna have to leave you)A vet stylin' in Met Gala, tuna salad from La Scala. Black sweats, swallow a lot of reefer. God, it hard to quit the bottom feeder, lobster eater. When I fast, I see Elijah's features. A million cash for a Nas feature. Nah it's cheaper, do it for free if you do it for me. 52 bar verse if the beat is movin' me. Stumble through customs, coppin' Cubans at the Duty Free. Layin' on the most expensive beds, still I'm losin' sleep. Next to Jet's Beauty of the Week 1993. Chin-grabber, neck-choker, in-her-mouth-spitter. Blouse-ripper, ass-gripper, that dig-you-out nigga. I ain't gon' hold you, old head gave me old news. I don't owe you, shoulda heard when I told you. You are an extension of what I've worked hard to build. You believe in your own lies, can't be real. And the odds is that what you love can kill you. Like a heart physician who dies from a heart attack. I know the consumer behavior, I target that. You impressed with what they wearin', I started thatIt's kinda terrific, the product of Slick Rick. Somebody woulda told me then I would come outta this shit rich. And start up a business, I woulda thought they was playin'. All them niggas I ran with, all that weight they was weighin'. A light bulb switched in my mind at the classes I cut. Just a spazz, puttin' wax in the blunt. The baddest I want, she wear Lipmatic to front. We building businesses, you can be mad if you want. It's bubbly 'til it's bubbles we see. Drinkin' like Dean Martin is nothin' to me. The spirits is somethin' I can't part and it's fun to be me. So cheers, here's to the Kanye production this eve. War of the Roses, it's war, baby. My nigga High said it's me, I drive 'em all crazy(I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna. I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna. I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna)HudsonHeard you got your master's. Did college up, never looked back, now that's what's happening. And it's good to see you made it out the hood. With a degree, a true man with passion. Now you could enter the so-called White Man's Society. And go right past 'em. Looking in the Wall Street Journal for your face. But it's always absent. There he go, that's him. Eating flan and ambrosia, watch on his arm, golden, laughin'. Try to get his attention, but he's flinching. Guess my grimy clothes threw him off, so I mention. We were neighbors some time ago. He was kinda cold, in this restaurant, full of his kind and more. He sighed, tried to look surprised, I know. His side of the city where he resides, so. I had to go, I heard him laugh hard at some sad black jokes. Hate so-called intellectuals. No balls, he suggests we vote. He stand all proud, speaking to correct his folks. He want to lecture folks 'cause he professional. And he suggest that we don't sell dope. And I guess it's true, but who the fuck are you?Who are you, tryna tell me who I am?. Tryna tell me who I am?. Who are you, tryna tell me what I'm not?. Tryna tell me what I'm not. Who are you, tryna tell me who I am?. Tryna box me in, tryna find who I amI'm Idi Amin, I'm Marcus Garvey. H. Rap Brown, I'm Muhammad Ali. I'm Reginald Lewis, George Washington Carver. I'm Nas with incredible music, let's do it. Thinking of a master plan. Sipping on disaster, smoking on gangster. Watching niggas argue, chillin' on my bar-stool. With my Hell Up in Harlem hat in hand. With a girl named Pat. She more than a waitress to order your drink with. She divorced a banker and bought the bar. She got an automobile, she give an order to kill. You get caught and robbed, we could see your walk is off. You could lose your rhythm when you outta the gutter for a while. You easily go to soft from hard. Now we all about hustlers, number runners, hoes and sharks. And we all know the code of the block. And you talking some gibberish, anti-nigga shit. 'Cause you marched back with Rosa Parks?. Brother, don't start, go build your Noah's Ark. You could float to the end of the world, and pretend what you not. But I know what you are. While I roll in my car, and I'm spending my knot. While my enemies plot, you ain't out of the shot. Matter of fact, you're an easier target. And I respect everything you accomplished. But I hope I never get old and talk that nonsense. So who the fuck are you?Who are you, tryna tell me who I am?. Tryna tell me who I am?. Who are you, tryna tell me what I'm not?. Tryna tell me what I'm not. Who are you, tryna tell me who I am?. Tryna box me in, tryna find who I amShe Queen of Nzinga. Winnie Mandela, Ida B. Wells. Why can't you tell?. Why can't you tell?Lies and the pain. Betrayal, lifeIn danger’s face. Look what you’re facing, gave your heart away. And all the remedies couldn’t ease the pain. All the hurt and betrayal; need to get away. In a world so cold. You gain your life just to lose your soul. Never thinking twice bout what the future holds. All the lies and the games not worth fighting forUhh, snitches and rapists in the street, crime to the fullest. Asking niggas if they got any extra nine bullets. They deny me that, they know the bullets they loan me. Be the same ones that probably had them lying flat. Stretched out, letter T, it's better to dead a beef. Than let it breathe, then we don't succeed. Cause then you gotta murder dummies. Waste your time, they allergic to money. I'm never squirmish to blood. We can thug and get out of hand; what’s the options?. Only conclusion is shooting, bullets popping, hoodlums dropping. Fear any day that the Feds will come knocking. Was young and nervous, asking myself what’s my purpose?. In the back of a paddy wagon, bracelets aching me. Pigs ignoring, I'm asking what precinct they taking me. These cops can’t relate to me, death to prison, empty vacancyThou shall not be selfish, real nigga commandments. Know a billionaire, he has everything but a fam. Guess how angry this man gets. Had so many bad chicks in his bed, strange sex, same sex. Has addictions that are sadistic, chain of events, habits. He puts cocaine on his prick and acts sick. Self-esteem needs boosting, alcohol consumption. Nicotine fusion, some athletes juicing. Pastors quote biblical chapters, Psalms. All along he’s into bestiality porn. And it’s wrong, so I keep the Cali weed in the bong. And I'm strong but the female anatomy got me sprung. And these women need shoes and baddest cars and condos. Fine clothes and these fiends needs to get high. So they find dough to mainline dope, and y'all knowSo many vices, habits, mine of course, bad chicks. My response to any advice on what is the essentials of life. I'm just rebellious, not selfish. Guess we all share different definitions of what wealth is. I need the best things in life, that's women, that’s cars, cigars. A vintage bottle on ice that’s priceless. The other night, just in the emergency room. A patient said she needs to see a doctor soon. Doctor busy operating on a lady who's sedated. He can barely concentrate cause he’s newly separated. His estranged wife likes entertaining her acquaintance. In the house they were married in, mad people waiting. Some young some old, heads and stomachs aching. Filling out an application cause they all need medication. But the doctor need love or a quick vacation. Calling up his travel agent, same time, premeditating. Murdering his ex wife; life, savage ain't it. Some need Xanax just to maintain it. We all need faith cause the world keep changing. Let go of the illusion, start some restrainingOooooooooooh-ahhhhhhhhh..... Ahhhhhhhh-ahhhhhh-ahhhhhh...ahhh... Just hold on (just hold on). Just hold on (just hold on). Just hold on (just hold on). Just hold on (just hold on). Just hold on (just hold on). Just hold on (just hold on). Just hold on (just hold on). Just hold on (... hold on)(I wrote my way out). When the world turned its back on me. I was up against the wall. I had no foundation. No friends and no family to catch my fall. Runnin' on empty, th'was nothin' left in me but doubt. I picked up a pen and I wrote my way— outI picked up the pen like Hamilton. Street analyst, now I write words that try to channel 'em. No political power—just lyrical power. Sittin' on a crate on a corner, sippin' for hours. Schemin' on a come up, from evening'to sun up. My man awaitin' trial, misdemeanors we younger. Courtroom prejudice, insufficient evidence. Jailhouse lawyers, these images still relevant. Flickerin' lights inside my project hall. Sickenin', the mice crawl all night long. And '87 Reaganism, many pages I've written on. Writin' songs about rights and wrongs and bails bonds. Master bedroom, bigger than the crib that I was raised at. I'm the architect like I wrote the code to Waze app. I'm driven, black Elohim from the streets of Queens. The definition of what It Was Written means. Know what I mean?(I wrote my way out). When the world turned its back on me. I was up against the wall. I had no foundation. No friends and no family to catch my fall. Runnin' on empty, there was nothin' left in me but doubt. I picked up a pen and I wrote my way— outI really wrote my way up out of 6E. Develop relationships with fiends, I know they miss me. Before the metrocards, it was tokens, I did the ten speed. Never had wrote a rhyme in my life, what was a sixteen?. At sixteen, arrested in housin', trips to the mountains. Came right back, trappin' off couches, watchin' for mouses. Only tools we was posed with, had a spot, smoke lit. The hate is just confusion, pay attention how them jokes switch. Diadora was my favorite, the Mark Buchanans. Mama couldn't afford them, I learned everythin' on the border. That's a big 8, Clicquot parties with private dancers with no mixtape. Bumble Bee Tuna, now we could get steak. I persevered, composition, I kept it close. Competition near, I'm a Spartan without the spear. Three hundred rhymes, it was written before I wrote it. Opportunity knockin', might miss it, that window closin'. This poetry in motion, I'm a poet(I wrote my way out). When the world turned its back on me. I was up against the wall. I had no foundation. No friends and no family to catch my fall. Runnin' on empty, there was nothin' left in me but doubt. I picked up a pen and I wrote my way out!High speed, dubbin' these rhymes in my dual cassette deck. Runnin' out of time like I'm Jonathan Larson's rent check. My mind is where the wild things are, Maurice Sendak. In withdrawal, I want it all, please give me that pen back. Y'all, I caught my first beatin' from the other kids when I was caught readin';. Oh, you think you smart?—Blah!—start bleedin'. My pops tried in vain to get me to fight back. Sister tapped my brains, said, Pssh—you'll get 'em right back.. Oversensitive, defenseless, I made sense of it, I pencil in. The lengths to which I'd go to learn my strengths and knock 'em senseless. These sentences are endless, so what if they leave me friendless?. Damn, you got no chill, fuckin' right—I'm relentless. I know Abuela's never really gonna win the lottery. So it's up to me to draw blood with this pen, hit an artery. This Puerto Rican's brains are leakin' through the speakers. And if he can be the shinin' beacon this side of the G.W.B and. Shine a light when it's gray out?(I wrote my way out). Oh, I was born in the eye of a storm. No lovin' arms to keep me warm. This hurricane in my brain is the burden I bear. I can do without, I'm here (I'm here). 'Cause I wrote my way— out!—picked up the pen like Hamilton. I wrote my way out of the pro—. —wrote—. —wrote my way out of the projects. —pick—. —picked up the pen like Hamilton. I wrote my way out of the—. —wrote—. —wrote my way out of the—. (I wrote my way—). —picked up the pen like Hamilton. I wrote my way out of the pro—. —wrote—. —wrote my way out of the projects. (I wrote my way out)We use the word everyday. Now we don't know the capacity of this word. Are we headed for conflict or not? (Yes sir). Because we did not break down the capacity. Of the same what (the same word). Brothers and sisters, this is why we hung up the consciousness. We've been taught wrongFind a room to lock yourself in and close the door. It's some heavy concepts that we gotta explore. We gotta, strip the word down rugged and raw. The rhetoric of Martin King just ain't around no more. Du Bois ain't here, James Baldwin neither, they all were leaders. But they ain't help me get this Porsche two seater. A lawyer left the hood, he never looked back. To be a Fortune 500 CEO, it took rap. So what if my pants sag with my hat turned back?. The same swag got our merchandise flying off the rack. Marketing companies is hiring blacks. Fresh hip-hop lingo for your campaign ads. Controversy surrounds who could say it and when. Some niggas are full time, some play and pretend. So fuck that, no apologies on the issue. If it offends you, it's meant to, it's that simpleTryna erase me from y'all memory. Too late, I'm engraved in history (I'm here my niggas!). Speak my name and breathe life in me. Make sure y'all never forget me ('cause y'all give me life!). 'Cause y'all use my name so reckless. Whether to be accepted or disrespected (and I love it!). And I love it, especially when y'all do it in public. And I'm the subject, 'cause y'all my niggasYo, I was thinking a little bit. What would it take to authenticate my nigganess?. Ball ridiculous? 26 inches when I call up the dealership?. Aww, that's some nigga shit. We only out for our own benefit?. We having too many kids? We Claudines? Welfare recipients?. The infamous free clinics is the sickest shit. Make me think what the hell they clean they syringes with. Everybody bleeding, the cops are the demons. Courtrooms full of goons, jail buses leaning. Handcuffs squeezed too tight on youth life. If you fight, they just give in, people used to do sit ins. They got Nigeria and Niger, two different countries. Somehow Niger turned to nigga, and shit got ugly. The problem is we started thinking like the colonists. 'Til Noble Drew Ali started dropping that consciousnessTryna erase me from y'all memory. Too late, I'm engraved in history (I'm here my niggas!). Speak my name and breathe life in me. Make sure y'all never forget me ('cause y'all give me life!). 'Cause y'all use my name so reckless. Whether to be accepted or disrespected (and I love it!). And I love it, especially when y'all do it in public. And I'm the subject, 'cause y'all my niggasMy father was not a banker, neither was my neighbor. When it came to getting paper, who the hell was gon' train us?. Oppression couldn't escape us through the ages. We changed the basis of derogatory phrases. And I say it's quite amazing. The use of ghetto terms developed our own language. No matter where it came from. It's celebrated, now people are mad if they ain't oneTryna erase me from y'all memory. Too late, I'm engraved in history (I'm here my niggas!). Speak my name and breathe life in me. Make sure y'all never forget me ('cause y'all give me life!). 'Cause y'all use my name so reckless. Whether to be accepted or disrespected (and I love it!). And I love it, especially when y'all do it in public. And I'm the subject. . Tryna erase me from y'all memory. Too late, I'm engraved in history. Speak my name and breathe life in me. Make sure y'all never forget me. 'Cause y'all use my name so reckless. Whether to be accepted or disrespected. And I love it, especially when y'all do it in public. And I'm the subject, 'cause y'all my niggasFrom Willie Lynch to Willie Hutch, right on, we Superfly. Made Gucci the shit, Louie too, suits and ties. Player trophies, pray to Goldie. Picture wax museums full of Black Panth's and triple OGs. Aunt Jemina hoes, historic horse shit. Girls from long time ago, stagecoach with the horse, kid. Witchdoctors, good ol' pickpockets. Sip moonshine, so-called coons, shines, and darkies. I love y'all, pyramids to cotton fields. To Wrigley Fields, forgotten men who did get killed. Crispus Attucks, the first blasted. Peace to the rich lady purse snatcher shot in the back. I know your hunger kid, I know they hung your dad. Burnt ya mama crib, I know that hurt you bad. Minstrel shows, from gold to shackles and back to gold. We act like we home, matter of fact, we are home. Bad attitudes, octoroon skin tones. Slave food turned to soul food, collards to neck bones. Betsy Ross sewed the first American flag. Bet she had a nigga with her to help her old ass!Ohh, no matter how hard you try. You can't stop us now (oh, no matter). No matter how, hard you try. You can't stop us now (no)Can't be stopped. Yo, on Dateline, the other night they showed hate crimes. Gave a blood time cause he fought with his canine. Bestiality, humane society. Go to China, see how they dine, see what they eat. Better yet, ask PETA, whoever, which animal makes suede?. If not for suede, would you have survived the Dark Ages?. Cannibal ways of the ancient Caucasians. Stare you like you're steak tartar, pinot noir. David Star on the chain of Sammy Davis. He helped pave the way for Southern crankers and them Harlem shakers. Now we gettin' our papers, they try to censor the words. And stop our money comin' but you can't escape us - hatersOhh, no matter how hard you try. You can't stop us now (oh, no matter). No matter how hard you try. You can't stop us now (no). You can't stop us nowCup'a Hen', cup'a Goose, cup'a Cris'. White chain, colored watch on a wrist. Switch lanes in monster whips, ambience. Specially dressed, guess who? -- Nas, it's obvious. Step to bars, we just order dark liquors. Clear liquors, y'all niggas are s-e-x. Yes we get respected, eclectic messages. Left our brains, straight into a female's estrogen. She feels electric, her breasts she's touchin' them. Wet 'tween the legs from this thug seduction. N-a-s, bend they ass, over-spank it. Whisperin' she loves intelligent gangstas. Call fatties 'bubbles', call head 'skull'. Before I get either I need some Red Bull. She'll scream as I pushed in her freezing cold pool. When she piss she gon' bleed in the whole stool. That's how much I wanna bang and touch her pretty thing. Won't pluck no chicken wing, don't fuck with just anything. Gotta come up, run up and get touched up. Suicide, that's if you confront usUh, from a boy to a king. Love to rock diamonds and fancy rings. I'm a thoroughbred, real heavy mayn. I'm fuckin' something tonight that's on everything. Fellas who beat bodies with me. Kidnappers and stick-up kids, they all poli' with me. Pop bottles with me, button-up shirts and throwbacks. Old cats only roll when I'm in the city. And the dance floor it's disgustin'. Move your waistline to the basic percussion. I'm that, cool laid-back don who won't say nuttin'. And laugh when a nigga start frontin'Rock Tims, rock Chucks, rock Bapes. Her light eyes, pretty lips, fly face. First you said you would spread for me in an instant. See me with the next chick, now you act different. Power of the stick shift, now I embarrass her. Play your position, you way outta character. Do the knowledge, graduated hood college with honors. Pay homage to Nas, Dickies and Converse. On the eyes shades in the nighttime regardless. The army's so thick you can't harm usWhere we met, I had to give her mad respect. She was with her man, he took a drag from her cigarette. He told her he'll be back, he jumped in the meter cab. Gestured to her cell to tell her where to meet him at. Now she was mad, and I was looking for my car. She had some plastic bags, coming from the supermarket. Cooking for his ass, how she gone get to the projects?. She ain’t got no cash, and she strugglin' while walkin'. So I drive past, yo I say I ain’t no stalker wit yo big 'ole ass. Here’s my help I’m tryna offer, I give you a lift. Who woulda knew it turn to this? now we in the mix. Baby moved up in my crib and she left her ex. Damn we speedin'I’m a king, you're a queen. His and hers sinks and the diamond rings. You don’t have to look back at him. Just get your bags packed and then. A new life soon begins. Like I told you when I’m in, I’m in. I’m a king, you're a queen. His and hers sinks and the diamond rings. You don’t have to look back at him. Just get your bags packed and then. A new life soon begins. Like I told you when I’m in, I’m in. I’m a king, you're a queen. His and hers sinks and the diamond rings. You don’t have to look back at him. Just get your bags packed and then. A new life soon begins. Like I told you when I’m in, I’m inBaby girl had a son. He was three, yeah I took him in. Now she call him little me, I even look like him. Nah, I mean he look like me, a couple shades darker. She be calling him Blackie, that’s 'cause his real father jet black. So she treat him like it’s a setback. I don’t respect that. Now his pops calling collect at the new crib on the new number. Now how he get that?. See, now I knew we was a mismatch. I’m laid back, you too used to getting pimp smacked. I see where I went wrong at. I just tried to bring out the queen in you. But when you make a girl leave her man. You never really know where she stand. How you know she really yours?. Somebody could do the same to you. (Same to you, same to you)Ohh-oh. Ohh-ohh-oh, oh. Oh. Ohh-oh. Ohh-ohh-oh, ohUh, it's real, it's real, it's real. Uh, uh, owe me back, uh shorty. Shorty, what up, huh?. Come onShorty, say what's your price (uh huh). Just to back it up. You can hold my ice (uh, uh). Now let's say you owe me something. (Yeah, owe me back like you owe your tax. Owe me back like forty acres to Blacks. Pay me back when you shake it like that girl). Shorty, say what's your price (uh huh). Just to back it up. You can hold my ice (uh, uh). Now let's say you owe, owe, owe. (Yeah, owe me back like you owe your rent. Owe me back like its money I spent. Pay me back when you shake it again)The don, all the time, with all the shine. You small time, I ball with mine. Links, minks, Bentley Azure with mine. My jams bump out to the borderline. UK hot with it, blew spots with it. Every continent love when I spit it. Corners to blocks, even the cops feel it. Brothers on lockdown on their cot feel it. It's real in the field, the Last Mohican. Who survived in the streets and did something decent. Now I got plans to buy the whole hood. Legit now, I ain't gotta lie to no judge. I make hits now, money I flip now. Hood fella every honey wanna kiss now. I lit up my neck, pinkie, and wrist now. So girls everywhere, this is how we get downShorty, say what's your price (uh huh). Just to back it up. You can hold my ice. Now let's say you owe me something. (Yeah, owe me back like you owe your tax. Owe me back like forty acres to Blacks. Pay me back when you shake it like that girl). Shorty, say what's your price (uh huh). Just to back it up. You can hold my ice (yeah). Now let's say you owe, owe, owe. (Yeah, owe me back like you owe your rent. Owe me back like its money I spent. Pay me back when you shake it again)Play to win, girls in the club moving. I get 'em real hot, my songs seduce 'em. I flow, I'm so mysterious. Nas, and Nasty's the alias. Everything platinum I glow. Cadillac trucks pulling up to the do'. On top out the car, lounge at the bar. We spent a thou', we wild, look at how rowdy we are. Feel like a million dollars, feel me holla. To the max with the Benz and chrome wheeled Impalas. Thugs in renta's, to the playas and ballers. Sexy mamas, fly ladies looking proper. Look good enough to be taken shopping. Earrings, bracelets, now you rocking. Your body's so nice that I give you this option. Let you wear my big chain if we get it poppingShorty, say what's your price (uh huh). Just to back it up. You can hold my ice (yeah). Now let's say you owe me something. (Yeah, owe me back like you owe your tax. Owe me back like forty acres to Blacks. Pay me back when you shake it like that girl). Shorty, say what's your price (uh huh). Just to back it up. You can hold my ice. Now let's say you owe, owe, owe. (Yeah, owe me back like you owe your rent. Owe me back like its money I spent. Pay me back when you shake it again)I put the shackles on your feet (you owe me). I think you owe me some (you owe me). The shackles on your feet (you owe Nas). I think you owe me some (you owe Ginuwine). (You owe Timbaland, you owe me)Lock you down baby, you know what you owe me. Mack like Goldie, it's the same story. Let you hold something, you spending it right. Know where you gon' be by the end of the night. Make it bounce, shake it, move it around. Wiggle it a little bit, throw it to the south. Fantasizing me inside and you riding. Throw it like a stallion, you wearing my medallionShorty, say what's your price. (Say what's your price, baby). Just to back it up. You can hold my ice. Now let's say you owe me something (oh). (You owe me something, oh yeah). I said shorty, say what's your price. (You owe Nas). Just to back it up. (You owe Ginuwine). You can hold my ice. (You owe Timbaland). Now let's say you owe, owe, owe, owe, owe, owe. You owe us something, baby. Oh, oh, ohUh uh, yo. They plan was to knock me out the top of the game. But I overstand they truth is all lame. I hold cannons that shoot balls of flame. Right in they fat mouth then I carve my name. Nas – too real, Nas – true king. It's however you feel, go 'head, you swing. Your arms too short to box with God. I don't kill soloists, only kill squads. Fame went to they head, so now it's Fuck Nas. Yesterday you begged for a deal, today you tough guys. I seen it coming. Soon as I popped my first bottle. I spotted my enemies tryna do what I do. Came in with my style, so I fathered you. I kept changing on the world since ... Barbeque. Now you wanna hang with niggas I hung with. Fuck bitches I hit, it's funny I once said. If I, ever make a record, I take a cheque. And put something away for a rainy day to make my exit. But look at me now, ten years deep. Since the project bench with crack in my sock, asleep. I never asked to be top of rap's elite. Just a ghetto child tryna learn the traps of the streets. But look at me nowYou're the man, you're the man. You're the man, you're the man. You're the man, you're the man. You're the man, you're the man. You're the man, you're the manNow wait a sec', give me time to explain, women and fast cars. And diamond rings can poison a rap star. Was suicidal, high, smoking so much lye. I saw a dead bird flying through a broken sky. Wish I could flap wings and fly away. To where black kings in Ghana stay. So I could get old, my flesh rot away. But that'll be the day when it's peace. When my gat don't need to spray. When these streets are safe to play. Sex with death, indulge in these women. Vision my own skeleton swimming in eternal fire. Broads play with pentagrams in they vagina. Like the Exorcist, then they gave birth to my seeds. I beg for God's help, why they love hurting me?. I'm your disciple, a thug certainly. I'm the N, the A to the S-I-R. If I wasn't, I must've been Escobar. .45 in my waist, staring at my reflection. In the mirror, sitting still in the chair like Mike Concepcion. When everything around me got cloudy. The chair became a king's throne, my destiny found me. It was clear why the struggle was so painful. Metamorphosis, this is what I changed to. And God, I'm so thankfulYou're the man, you're the man. You're the man, you're the man. You're the man, you're the man. You're the man, you're the man. You're the man, you're the man. You're the man, you're the man(What?) Ever been in love? (C'mon). Yeah.. are you ready? (uhh) For somethin real?. (Say what?) 'Cause it can't be fake. This ain't no game (C'mon). You gotta be wit me, for real (uh-huh). 'Cause it's real out here (uh-huh). So make up your mind, 'cause I ain't got no time. Y'know? (C'mon)I'm the most wanted baby father, save the drama. We toast when I wine and dine ya -- all you need is me. I won't stress you but bless you. Mentally and sexual, we both intellectual. Can't forget how I met you;. You thought I was a boxer Prince Naseem. But I'm the mobster -- Nas from Queens. And when I gotcha - you riding with me. You keep asking, When do you have time for me?. I'm never free always on the move, business oriented. Lifestyle expensive, attract women. You wanna search my pockets, and act all wild. Say I hurt your heart - ask how could I smile?. Wanna call back all my numbers - star 6-9 me. Check my car for rubbers, but quit trying. Before you find what you looking for and get to crying. You always saying what you gon' do if you catch me lyingYou won't see me tonight. You won't see me tomorrow. I'll be gone by daylight (doubt that). And you'll be so full of sorrow (yeah right). You'll go tell all your friends (that's right). How you called and I follow (they know it). But you won't see me tonight (you don't believe that). No you won't see me tomorrowCaramel kisses of Jezebel's sister. I feel no guilt when I twist ya. Turn the other cheek when I see the next freak witcha. You got your name on his lease, copy his keys. That's your lil' spot where you rest your wig piece. Go 'head and live baby, I know you his lady. You page me, when you got the day free. But I be out with my peeps in them system Jeeps. You wanna lay up in the sheets of presidential suites. Like I'll massage you while you massage me, mami. But can you hang with a young man who's doing his thang?. Speak up, I wanna know if you can keep up. Timberland boots for girls, with the tree stump. Baggy sweatsuits, mystery what's underneath them. They for my eyes only, you call me when you lonely. But I like to make the baddest girls wait, I got G babyYou won't see me tonight. You won't see me tomorrow. I'll be gone by daylight (doubt that). And you'll be so full of sorrow (yeah right). You'll go tell all your friends (that's right). How you called and I follow (they know it). But you won't see me tonight (you don't believe that). No you won't see me tomorrowThinking of me, you getting the chills. Like a rush through your body when you think how it feels. Give me a call and my voice give you butterflies in your tummy. Tell your friends you in love with Nas, not his money. And I'll prove I'm a man of my word - handed you furs. Iceberg, everything on this planet Earth a woman desires. You make a good wife to most men. I know I got you open. But -- you just my close friend. Get it babyYou won't see me tonight. You won't see me tomorrow. I'll be gone by daylight (doubt that). And you'll be so full of sorrow (yeah right). You'll go tell all your friends (that's right). How you called and I follow (they know it). But you won't see me tonight (you don't believe that). No you won't see me tomorrowThe God, the God, the God, Nasir (you won't see me tonight). The Queen, The Queen, The Queen, Aaliyah (you won't see me tomorrow). Nah nah (I'll be gone by daylight). (And you'll be so full of sorrow). Uhh uhh (you'll go tell all your friends). Tell your friends (how you called and I followed). How you followed me (but you won't see me tonight). Not tonight baby (no, you won't see me tomorrow). C'mon, c'mon c'mon. Tomorrow, what. Daylight, ghostSay what, say what. Yo (You won't see me tonight). You won't see Timbaland tonight baby. Ohhh, or Nas Esco', check it. Let it ride. Let it rideYeah, Harlem, Bronx, BrooklynLet's make a bet, I know the reason you ain't make it yet. Your stage was set, but you ain't see the tedious ingredients. That go inside of a rider, you hiding from problems and. You never knew how to make dollars. You couldn't make orders at a drive-through McDonald's. I was fly at the Apollo with Black Jason, '89 with a bottle. Niggas jealous of Jason, dark green seven forty, no tint. Rollie on wrist, gleaming, he rock the baldy. Used to ride with him to Brooklyn, Lewis and Halsey. Cop chocolate Thai, Vernon style and burn it down. My nigga Hype in the federal joint, verdict out. Twenty years getting money in the Dirty South. That's alleged, you see my nigga's a stand up dude. So I'm yelling, Free my nigga!. My nephew godfather Malik, he jammed up too. For what his hands usually call for, but he ain't do itWho you are ain't in the recipe of what I am. 'Cause where I'm from. Man, what I see, you wouldn't understand. Where I been and what I do. No matter how you try you never can. 'Cause where I'm from. And what I see, you wouldn't understand. Where I been, where I beenYou ever been on the other end of a robber's revolver?. Not me, call me Lucky Nas Castellana. Or been shot in the medulla oblongata. And survived and praise God with a bullet I never collided. Some did and they lived, I salute the Gods. Moët spilling, splashed by mistake on my Timb boots for y'all. N.Y. nigga, Adidas, jogging suit. Shell toes, slim, fly nigga. Hudson River, rent a boat, t-shirt with a dinner coat. A vintage Fila like I'm the ghost of Domencio. On any day getting throat in a tinted vehicle. Like a old BK gangsta, but I'm the CEO. Of Nasty Nas Enterprises, mastermind, made men. My success symbolizes loyalty, great friends. Dedication, hard work, routine builds character. In a world full of snakes, rats and scavengers. Never make choices out of desperation, I think through it. Break through walls like Pink Floyd. And drink fluids, of all kind of alcohol, y'all. Vineyards in France, yachts out in CannesWho you are ain't in the recipe of what I am. 'Cause where I'm from. Man, what I see, you wouldn't understand. Where I been and what I do. No matter how you try you never can. 'Cause where I'm from. And what I see, you wouldn't understand. Where I been, where I beenNow holla at a millionaire. Rollie, Hublot and Audemar, deciding which one to wear. Who to screw, what to drive. 550 with the cream guts inside. Or the Super Sport Range truck is fly. Diamond ring on my knuckles, like fire, bitch. Gats on us, I don't really trust these guys. Spend a couple bucks a night on bottles on cuties. If she beautiful, the lustful type, I'll hit it and bust inside. Fuck it, I'ma die one day. They gon' probably make that day a holiday. Until then, let's go on a shopping spree. Speaking for my real niggas. Only OGs, certified who kill niggas. When put in that seat, but tonight we on chill, nigga. Chill mode, spill more Spades. Listen to Yeezy and Hov, some Rozay. It's like we always on the grind with no brakes. So tonight we gon' act like we on vacation with this on rotationWho you are ain't in the recipe of what I am (word). 'Cause where I'm from (yeah). Man, what I see you wouldn't understand. Where I been and what I do. (Y'all wouldn't understand, huh). No matter how you try you never can. (You wouldn't last a day in my shoes, homie). 'Cause where I'm from (yeah). And what I see, you wouldn't understand. Where I been, where I beenTrue B nigga, yeah, uhh. For my hood niggas, yeah, yeah. To my man Eric B, what up, yeah. The whole city, I see you. To my man Big Slate in the Fed joint. My man Spunk, free my niggas. All my niggas, yeah. Club Vernon, I see you, I see you, yeah. And Baltum, I see youBraveheart for life. Zone out, zo-zo-zo zone out. Uhh, Salaam Remi!. Yeah, zone out, zo-zo-zo zone out, what, yeah. Zo-zo-zo zone out, zo-zo-zo zone out. (I want y'all to blast on these niggas, man). Zo-zo-zo zone out. Zo-zo-zo zone outTuck in your chain put your watch in your pocket. Here come the Braveheart straight out the projects. We live the life where the blood spills. Same thing that get you cash nigga, get you killed. Warnin', Jungle always keep a gun on him. Pull out, {*shooting sound*}, forehead yawning. Sloppy, droppin' you birds. Close range so my bullets don't swerve, curve. No bullshit, back in ya head, find me. Call Earl, death is the ways of the world. Y'all made criminals tryin' to wild out there sold crack. Bust guns at Bow Wow's age. Fightin' in jail, lookin' for heaven, livin' in hell. Fuckin 'em hoes, boilin' coke since I was 12. Way too foul walk around all the time. With a gray MAC-10 and a pocket full o' dimesBraveheart to the graveyard, let's go niggas. Scared straight, but FUCK them hoes. Keep it, dead serious. Believe it don't believe us, until you see me creepin'. Now you sleep with them fishes. G-W-I-Z, so delicious. To all them ghetto and sober bitches in 'burban districts. I'm movin on passin' chumps, and very thoroughly promoted by God's Son. And this is the military turn it up. My Uzi weighs a ton. a ton, your son less thump nah. Heat talk feet walk you run uh. Rat ta-tat, Hear them shots come. Drop son, pull out. You better send 'em back son, or feel that casket. The peeps be like one (one). I'm movin on passin' chumps, and very thoroughly promoted by God's SonG-O-D S-O-N. I S-O-O-T-H-E a female's estrogen. With my testosterone, male hormone. Enough for a giant's body, science S-C-I-E-N-C-E. Don't tempt me, EMS against you, me I'm just, invincible. Like Mike Jack said. For me and Al Sharpton won't be Broke in Harlem. That's dead, who made this style, Solo or X. Are you UTFO's Doctor or Moe Dee. Whoever, I freaked it yes, so meet ya death. I never wear Esco, I got a New Line comin' like cinemas. Remember the, original, y'all still tryin' to show niggas ya rich. Town house niggas. I'm six cribs deep, six bank accounts in six countries. Na I'm lyin', who gives a fuck that's so tired. While pictures of Bravehearts just livin' it up. A million of us, each nigga inchin' to bust. You got a house in Virginia, the only way you sicker than us. Gettin' bagged with .22's now you's a ridiculous fuck. No need for the gun play, it's okay, 'cause you dyin' anywayYo, this is for them high school drop outs. Niggas who copped out. If you prefer shots over knockouts. Sniffin' coke, smokin' weed. Sellin' crack, sellin' smack. You thuggin' it, you ain't turn it back. Bravehearts gettin' money ruthless 'till the world end. Gettin' high with my enemy's girlfriend. I used to have a bike on a bench. Now I got the Jeep on this trip. Coke in the pot, heat on my hipNigga don't stop blazin' 'cause ya target's movin'. Shoot 'til the gun's empty stupid, Queens. Niggas so ruthless, really excuses is. Useless to these swift executioners. And that's Queensbridge nigga, all day. Pump packs o' crack, smoke purple haze. Runnin' from D's quickly knockout rookies. G Wiz you know what I'm all about. To all my real niggasZo-zo-zo zone out, zo-zo-zo zone out. Zo-zo-zo zone out, zo-zo-zo zone out. Zo-zo-zo zone out, zo-zo-zo zone out. Zo-zo-zo zone out, zo-zo-zo zone out